Minute	Commentary
97	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
97	Ball possession: Tottenham: 44%, Liverpool: 56%.
96	James Milner relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Poor play by Trent Alexander-Arnold as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
96	Oliver Skipp puts in a cross...
95	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool receives a yellow card for time wasting.
95	Ball possession: Tottenham: 43%, Liverpool: 57%.
94	Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
94	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
94	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Harry Kane from Tottenham is ruled offside.
93	Could be a good chance here as Emerson Royal from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
93	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
93	Ben Davies relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	Konstantinos Tsimikas puts in a cross...
92	Goal kick for Liverpool.
92	Liverpool with a clear defensive substitution as Diogo Jota comes off for the more defensively minded Joseph Gomez
92	Diogo Jota is leaving the field to be replaced by Joseph Gomez in a tactical substitution.
92	Harry Winks from Tottenham crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
91	The fourth official shows there are 6 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Emerson Royal puts in a cross...
90	Safe hands from Hugo Lloris as he comes out and claims the ball
90	James Milner puts in a cross...
90	Ball possession: Tottenham: 42%, Liverpool: 58%.
89	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
89	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
88	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
88	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
87	The referee signals a free kick as Diogo Jota from Liverpool trips Ben Davies
87	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Goal kick for Liverpool.
86	Ryan Sessegnon is leaving the field to be replaced by Sergio Reguilon in a tactical substitution.
86	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham tries to pass the ball to a teammate, but its nowehere near the intended target.
86	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham takes a short corner kick from the left.
86	Ibrahima Konate clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
86	Ben Davies from Tottenham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	Could be a good chance here as Heung-Min Son from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
85	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	The referee runs back to show Ibrahima Konate from Liverpool a yellow card for the previous foul.
85	Emerson Royal from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
85	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Tottenham: 40%, Liverpool: 60%.
84	The referee is not having the complaints from Naby Keita who is given a yellow card for dissent
84	Ryan Sessegnon from Tottenham commits a foul by elbowing Naby Keita
84	Emerson Royal from Tottenham makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
84	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
83	Danger averted there as James Milner from Liverpool clears the danger with a good tackle
83	Joel Matip could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
82	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Liverpool with a clear defensive substitution as Sadio Mane comes off for the more defensively minded Konstantinos Tsimikas
82	Sadio Mane is leaving the field to be replaced by Konstantinos Tsimikas in a tactical substitution.
81	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Dele Alli is leaving the field to be replaced by Lucas Moura in a tactical substitution.
80	Ryan Sessegnon from Tottenham makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
80	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
80	The referee signals a free kick as Sadio Mane from Liverpool trips Harry Kane
80	Ball possession: Tottenham: 38%, Liverpool: 62%.
80	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Today's attendance is 45421.
78	The game is restarted.
77	SENT OFF! - After a serious foul Andrew Robertson is dismissed!
77	RED-CARD! - After reviewing the game, the referee decides to change the originally given yellow card for Andrew Robertson from Liverpool to a red card.
77	VAR - CARD ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential card situation.
76	The card for Andrew Robertson from Liverpool was disallowed via VAR intervention
76	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
76	Reckless challenge there. Andrew Robertson commits a rough foul on Emerson Royal
75	Ball possession: Tottenham: 36%, Liverpool: 64%.
74	With that goal, Tottenham equalised. Game on!
74	GOOOOOAAL! - Heung-Min Son finds the net with the left foot!
74	Alisson Becker could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
74	Could be a good chance here as Harry Winks from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
74	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
73	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Poor play by Naby Keita as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
73	Ryan Sessegnon puts in a cross...
73	The referee signals a free kick as Diogo Jota from Liverpool trips Dele Alli
73	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	The game is restarted.
71	Andrew Robertson is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
71	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
70	Ball possession: Tottenham: 34%, Liverpool: 66%.
69	Trent Alexander-Arnold provided the assist for the goal.
69	GOOOOOAAL! - Andrew Robertson from Liverpool heads the ball from close range into the net.
69	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box.
69	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
69	Diogo Jota from Liverpool makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
69	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
69	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
69	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
68	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Harry Kane from Tottenham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
68	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
67	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
66	Sadio Mane from Liverpool crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
66	Sadio Mane from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
65	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Ball possession: Tottenham: 34%, Liverpool: 66%.
64	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
64	Tanguy Ndombele is leaving the field to be replaced by Oliver Skipp in a tactical substitution.
63	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
63	Harry Kane from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
63	Sadio Mane is penalised for pushing Davinson Sanchez.
63	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	The referee signals a free kick as Dele Alli from Tottenham trips Trent Alexander-Arnold
62	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
61	A shot by Naby Keita is blocked.
61	Poor play by Tanguy Ndombele as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
61	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
61	Tanguy Ndombele clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
61	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	A shot by James Milner is blocked.
60	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Andrew Robertson swings in a cross from the free kick.
60	Tyler Morton is leaving the field to be replaced by Roberto Firmino in a tactical substitution.
60	The referee signals a free kick as Tanguy Ndombele from Tottenham trips Sadio Mane
60	Ball possession: Tottenham: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
59	A shot by Mohamed Salah is blocked.
59	Diogo Jota of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
59	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
58	After a tactical foul, Ben Davies sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
58	Ben Davies from Tottenham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Mohamed Salah
58	Liverpool start a counter attack.
57	Safe hands from Hugo Lloris as he comes out and claims the ball
57	Sadio Mane puts in a cross...
57	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
56	What a miss! Harry Kane has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
56	Poor play by Sadio Mane as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
56	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
55	Joel Matip clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
55	Heung-Min Son puts in a cross...
55	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
55	Harry Kane has a great chance to score, but Alisson Becker comes out strongly to save!
55	Dele Alli from Tottenham directs a ball squarely in the box.
55	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
55	Ball possession: Tottenham: 32%, Liverpool: 68%.
54	Harry Kane from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
54	Tottenham start a counter attack.
54	Diogo Jota from Liverpool had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
54	Joel Matip of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
54	Great skill from Joel Matip as he dribbles past his opponents
54	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
53	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
52	Andrew Robertson relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham takes a short corner kick from the right.
52	Emerson Royal from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
52	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
51	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
50	Sadio Mane from Liverpool is ruled offside.
50	A shot by Naby Keita is blocked.
50	Ball possession: Tottenham: 30%, Liverpool: 70%.
50	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Hugo Lloris relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Diogo Jota from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
49	A shot by Harry Kane is blocked.
48	Emerson Royal of Tottenham passes the ball to a team mate.
48	Tottenham start a counter attack.
48	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
48	Diogo Jota directs a header agonizingly wide of the post. So nearly a goal!
48	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
47	After a tactical foul, Harry Winks sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
47	Harry Winks from Tottenham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Diogo Jota
47	Ryan Sessegnon hand-balls.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Diogo Jota from Liverpool trips Tanguy Ndombele
46	The second half is underway.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Tottenham: 30%, Liverpool: 70%.
49	How did he miss that? Harry Kane has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
49	Ryan Sessegnon of Tottenham passes the ball to a team mate.
49	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
48	The referee signals a free kick as Ibrahima Konate from Liverpool trips Heung-Min Son
48	James Milner from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Naby Keita of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
48	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
48	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
48	Could be a good chance here as Harry Winks from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
47	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Goal kick for Tottenham.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
45	Ball possession: Tottenham: 31%, Liverpool: 69%.
45	Goal kick for Tottenham.
44	A chance presents itself to Diogo Jota from Liverpool but his header goes wide
44	Trent Alexander-Arnold swings in a cross from the free kick.
43	Dangerous challenge by Dele Alli from Tottenham. Trent Alexander-Arnold on the receiving end of that.
43	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Liverpool are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
43	Trent Alexander-Arnold releases a shot, it's parried by Hugo Lloris but he can't hold onto it...
43	Sadio Mane puts in a cross...
42	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
42	Diogo Jota from Liverpool makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
42	Could be a good chance here as Ibrahima Konate from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
42	Ben Davies relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
42	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool takes a short corner kick from the right.
42	Sadio Mane from Liverpool sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
41	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
41	Sadio Mane from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
41	Andrew Robertson of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
41	A shot by Mohamed Salah is blocked.
41	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
41	The referee signals a free kick as Naby Keita from Liverpool trips Ben Davies
40	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
40	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool tries to pass the ball to a teammate, but its nowehere near the intended target.
40	Ben Davies relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
40	Ball possession: Tottenham: 32%, Liverpool: 68%.
39	The referee is not having the complaints from Juergen Klopp who is given a yellow card for dissent
39	Emerson Royal is penalised for pushing Sadio Mane.
38	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	A header from Davinson Sanchez is blocked by the keeper and bounces back into play!
38	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
37	Ryan Sessegnon from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
37	Alisson Becker could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
37	Diogo Jota from Liverpool had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
37	Sadio Mane from Liverpool makes a great pass and space opens up...
37	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
36	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
35	With that goal, Liverpool equalised. Game on!
35	Andrew Robertson provided the assist for the goal.
35	GOOOOOAAL! - Diogo Jota from Liverpool heads the ball home!
35	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
35	Sadio Mane from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
35	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
35	Ball possession: Tottenham: 30%, Liverpool: 70%.
34	Dele Alli is penalised for pushing Naby Keita.
34	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
34	Harry Kane puts in a cross...
34	Dele Alli from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
34	Tottenham start a counter attack.
33	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
32	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
32	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
31	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
31	Dele Alli puts in a cross...
31	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Andrew Robertson relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
30	Ball possession: Tottenham: 31%, Liverpool: 69%.
30	Should have been a goal! Dele Alli gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Alisson Becker!
30	Heung-Min Son carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
29	Tottenham start a counter attack.
29	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
29	A chance presents itself to Sadio Mane from Liverpool but his header goes wide
29	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
28	Yellow card for Emerson Royal.
28	The referee signals a free kick as Emerson Royal from Tottenham trips Sadio Mane
27	A shot by James Milner is blocked.
27	Dele Alli relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Trent Alexander-Arnold swings in a cross from the free kick.
27	Dele Alli is penalised for pushing James Milner.
26	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Goal kick for Tottenham.
25	Ball possession: Tottenham: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
24	A chance presents itself to Joel Matip from Liverpool but his header goes wide
24	James Milner puts in a cross...
24	Dele Alli relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
24	Dele Alli relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
24	Naby Keita forces a good save from Hugo Lloris who turns the ball behind for a corner!
24	A shot by Sadio Mane is blocked.
23	Emerson Royal could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
23	After a tactical foul, Tyler Morton sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
23	The referee signals a free kick as Tyler Morton from Liverpool trips Harry Winks
23	Tottenham start a counter attack.
23	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
23	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
22	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
20	Ball possession: Tottenham: 34%, Liverpool: 66%.
20	Harry Kane commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
19	Dangerous challenge by Harry Kane from Tottenham. Andrew Robertson on the receiving end of that.
19	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
19	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
19	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
19	Safe hands from Hugo Lloris as he comes out and claims the ball
19	Sadio Mane from Liverpool had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
19	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
18	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
18	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
18	CHANCE! Heung-Min Son finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
18	Could be a good chance here as Harry Kane from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
18	Tottenham start a counter attack.
17	Great defending by Davinson Sanchez from Tottenham to prevent his team conceding a goal.
17	Danger averted there as Davinson Sanchez from Tottenham clears the danger with a good tackle
17	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
17	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
16	How did he miss that? Heung-Min Son has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
16	Harry Kane from Tottenham makes a great pass and space opens up...
16	Harry Kane from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
16	Tottenham start a counter attack.
16	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
16	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
16	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: Tottenham: 41%, Liverpool: 59%.
14	Tottenham managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
13	Tanguy Ndombele provided the assist for the goal.
13	GOOOOOAAL! - Harry Kane scores with the right foot!
13	Tanguy Ndombele carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
13	Dele Alli from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
13	Dele Alli from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
13	Great defending by Ibrahima Konate from Liverpool to prevent his team conceding a goal.
13	Harry Kane has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
13	Emerson Royal puts in a cross...
13	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
12	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Davinson Sanchez relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	Tyler Morton puts in a cross...
11	Dele Alli relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
10	It's a good hit from long range by Trent Alexander-Arnold who forces a save from Hugo Lloris. Corner kick.
10	Davinson Sanchez relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
10	James Milner from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
10	Davinson Sanchez relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Mohamed Salah puts in a cross...
10	Ball possession: Tottenham: 32%, Liverpool: 68%.
10	Danger averted there as Naby Keita from Liverpool clears the danger with a good tackle
10	Tottenham start a counter attack.
9	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
9	Tanguy Ndombele from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
8	Dele Alli from Tottenham is ruled offside.
8	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
7	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
7	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
6	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Hugo Lloris relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Tyler Morton from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
6	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham is ruled offside.
5	Ball possession: Tottenham: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
5	Alisson Becker relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
4	Trent Alexander-Arnold clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
4	Eric Dier swings in a cross from the free kick.
3	The referee signals a free kick as Naby Keita from Liverpool trips Harry Winks
3	Sadio Mane is penalised for pushing Emerson Royal.
2	James Milner from Liverpool tries a long distance effort. The shot is helped on by an awkward deflection but Hugo Lloris is alert and saves it.
2	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
2	Goal kick for Tottenham.
2	A chance presents itself to Andrew Robertson from Liverpool but his header goes wide
2	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool chips the ball into the penalty box.
1	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
1	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Tottenham kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
93	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
93	Today's attendance is 52127.
93	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 28%, Manchester City: 72%.
92	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
91	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
91	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
90	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 28%, Manchester City: 72%.
90	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
89	The keeper from Newcastle United comes out and claims the ball.
89	Oh no. From a promising position Cole Palmer from Manchester City miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
89	Cole Palmer from Manchester City had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
89	A chance opens up as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
89	Fernandinho from Manchester City sends a deflected cross into the box.
89	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
88	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
87	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
86	Gabriel Jesus provided the assist for the goal.
86	GOOOOOAAL! - Raheem Sterling from Manchester City taps the ball in with the left! An easy finish for Raheem Sterling
86	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
86	Great skill from Gabriel Jesus as he dribbles past his opponents
86	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
85	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 29%, Manchester City: 71%.
85	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
84	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
84	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
83	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
82	Allan Saint-Maximin fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
82	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
82	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
82	Ryan Fraser from Newcastle United takes a short corner kick from the right.
81	Callum Wilson finds himself in acres of space, but his header is turned behind by the Ederson Moraes! Corner kick...
81	Ryan Fraser puts in a cross...
81	Poor play by Ederson Moraes as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
81	Matt Ritchie swings in a cross from the free kick.
80	Joao Cancelo is penalised for pushing Allan Saint-Maximin.
80	Miguel Almiron is leaving the field to be replaced by Jeff Hendrick in a tactical substitution.
80	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 28%, Manchester City: 72%.
79	Ryan Fraser from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
79	Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City is ruled offside.
78	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
77	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
77	Newcastle United start a counter attack.
77	Riyad Mahrez is leaving the field to be replaced by Cole Palmer in a tactical substitution.
76	The referee signals a free kick as Joelinton from Newcastle United trips Fernandinho
76	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
75	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 29%, Manchester City: 71%.
75	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
73	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
72	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
72	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
71	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
71	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
70	Ruben Dias is leaving the field to be replaced by John Stones in a tactical substitution.
70	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 29%, Manchester City: 71%.
70	A chance presents itself to Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City but his header goes wide
70	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
70	Kevin De Bruyne sends a long ball upfield.
70	Manchester City start a counter attack.
70	Ryan Fraser from Newcastle United directs a ball squarely in the box, but Ederson Moraes runs out to collect the ball
70	Danger! Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
69	Great skill from Allan Saint-Maximin as he dribbles past his opponents
69	Fernandinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Ryan Fraser from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
69	Joelinton from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
68	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
68	Rodri is leaving the field to be replaced by Fernandinho in a tactical substitution.
68	A chance presents itself to Ruben Dias from Manchester City but his header goes wide
68	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
68	A chance opens up as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
68	Great skill from Raheem Sterling as he dribbles past his opponents
68	Joelinton relieves the pressure with a clearance
67	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
67	Ciaran Clark clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
67	Kevin De Bruyne puts in a cross...
67	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
66	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 29%, Manchester City: 71%.
66	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Manchester City stands.
64	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
63	Oleksandr Zinchenko provided the assist for the goal.
63	GOOOOOAAL! - Riyad Mahrez volleys the ball into the back of the net with the left. A great finish!
63	Oleksandr Zinchenko puts in a cross...
63	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
63	Danger! Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
63	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
62	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
61	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
61	Isaac Hayden is leaving the field to be replaced by Sean Longstaff in a tactical substitution.
60	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
60	Danger! Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
60	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
60	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 33%, Manchester City: 67%.
59	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
59	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
59	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
58	Raheem Sterling releases a shot, it's parried by Martin Dubravka but he can't hold onto it...
58	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
57	The referee signals a free kick as Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United trips Joao Cancelo
56	The match resumes with a drop ball.
56	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
55	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
55	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
55	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
55	Ciaran Clark relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
55	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
54	A shot by Gabriel Jesus is blocked.
54	Danger! Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
54	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
54	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but Martin Dubravka comes out to smother the ball.
53	Rodri from Manchester City heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
53	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
53	Gabriel Jesus finds himself in acres of space, but his header is turned behind by the Martin Dubravka! Corner kick...
53	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
52	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
52	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
51	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
51	A shot by Kevin De Bruyne is blocked.
51	Danger! Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
50	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
50	Allan Saint-Maximin puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
49	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United directs a ball squarely in the box, but Ederson Moraes runs out to collect the ball
49	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
49	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
48	Rodri relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Joelinton from Newcastle United chips the ball into the penalty box.
48	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
47	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
47	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
46	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
46	Joseph Willock is leaving the field to be replaced by Allan Saint-Maximin in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 32%, Manchester City: 68%.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
46	Gabriel Jesus sends a shot inches wide. Close!
46	Danger! Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
45	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 32%, Manchester City: 68%.
45	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
45	Goal kick for Manchester City.
44	Jacob Murphy fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
44	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Goal kick for Manchester City.
43	A chance presents itself to Isaac Hayden from Newcastle United but his header goes wide
43	Ryan Fraser from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
43	Joelinton from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
43	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
42	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
41	A chance presents itself to Bernardo Silva from Manchester City but his header goes wide
41	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
41	Matt Ritchie clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
41	Oleksandr Zinchenko puts in a cross...
41	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 34%, Manchester City: 66%.
40	Joelinton from Newcastle United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Kevin De Bruyne
40	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
40	Great skill from Callum Wilson as he dribbles past his opponents
40	Danger! Joelinton from Newcastle United successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
40	Newcastle United with a potentially dangerous attack.
39	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
39	Riyad Mahrez puts in a cross...
38	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
38	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
37	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
37	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
36	Could be a good chance here as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
36	The referee signals a free kick as Joelinton from Newcastle United trips Rodri
35	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 31%, Manchester City: 69%.
34	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
33	Ruben Dias comes back onto the field.
33	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	Oleksandr Zinchenko relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Callum Wilson heads the ball back across goal...
32	Matt Ritchie swings in a cross from the free kick.
32	Ruben Dias from Manchester City is leaving the pitch because his nose is bleeding.
30	Yellow card for Bernardo Silva.
30	The referee signals a free kick as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City trips Jacob Murphy
30	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 31%, Manchester City: 69%.
30	Rodri relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	Matt Ritchie swings in a cross from the free kick.
29	The referee signals a free kick as Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City trips Callum Wilson
28	A contender for goal of the season!
27	Riyad Mahrez provided the assist for the goal.
27	GOOOOOAAL! - Joao Cancelo scores with the right foot!
27	Great skill from Joao Cancelo as he dribbles past his opponents
26	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	Kevin De Bruyne relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Matt Ritchie swings in a cross from the free kick.
25	Yellow card for Rodri.
25	The referee signals a free kick as Rodri from Manchester City trips Joseph Willock
25	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 31%, Manchester City: 69%.
25	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
24	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	The referee signals a free kick as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City trips Miguel Almiron
23	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
23	Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
23	A chance opens up as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
23	Great skill from Bernardo Silva as he dribbles past his opponents
22	Danger! Raheem Sterling from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
21	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	The referee runs back to show Isaac Hayden from Newcastle United a yellow card for the previous foul.
21	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 30%, Manchester City: 70%.
20	The match resumes with a drop ball.
19	Callum Wilson is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
19	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
19	Ederson Moraes comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
19	Miguel Almiron puts in a cross...
19	Oleksandr Zinchenko relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
18	Rodri is penalised for pushing Joelinton.
17	The referee signals a free kick as Isaac Hayden from Newcastle United trips Kevin De Bruyne
16	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
16	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
15	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 23%, Manchester City: 77%.
15	Miguel Almiron hand-balls.
14	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
13	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
12	Joelinton fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
12	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
11	Good effort by Joao Cancelo as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
11	Kevin De Bruyne swings in a cross from the free kick.
11	The referee signals a free kick as Joseph Willock from Newcastle United trips Bernardo Silva
10	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
10	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 19%, Manchester City: 81%.
9	The referee signals a free kick as Jacob Murphy from Newcastle United trips Raheem Sterling
9	Rodri from Manchester City tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
9	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
8	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
7	Aymeric Laporte relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	Ryan Fraser puts in a cross...
7	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
6	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 40%, Manchester City: 60%.
5	Joao Cancelo provided the assist for the goal.
5	GOOOOOAAL! - Ruben Dias from Manchester City heads the ball from close range into the net.
5	A chance opens up as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
5	Oleksandr Zinchenko puts in a cross...
5	Callum Wilson relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
4	Martin Dubravka clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
4	Oleksandr Zinchenko relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
4	Rodri could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
4	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	The referee signals a free kick as Joelinton from Newcastle United trips Joao Cancelo
3	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City is ruled offside.
1	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
1	It's a cold day for playing football.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Newcastle United kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to St James' Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Conor Coady from Wolverhampton Wanderers is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
94	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 37%, Chelsea: 63%.
93	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
93	A shot by N'Golo Kante is blocked.
93	A chance opens up as Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
93	Antonio Ruediger puts in a cross...
93	Ki-Jana Hoever relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	Cesar Azpilicueta puts in a cross...
92	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
92	Mason Mount from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but Jose Sa runs out to collect the ball
92	Danger! N'Golo Kante from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
91	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
91	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Reece James puts in a cross...
91	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Reece James from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
90	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
90	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 38%, Chelsea: 62%.
89	Today's attendance is 30631.
89	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
89	Raul Jimenez is leaving the field to be replaced by Trincao in a tactical substitution.
89	A chance presents itself to Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea but his header goes wide
88	Mason Mount from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
88	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
88	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
87	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
86	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
85	Cesar Azpilicueta puts in a cross...
85	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 38%, Chelsea: 62%.
84	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
84	Mason Mount from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
84	Danger! Thiago Silva from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
83	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
82	Christian Pulisic hand-balls.
82	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
81	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
81	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
81	That's a great ball by Christian Pulisic from Chelsea. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
80	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
80	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 39%, Chelsea: 61%.
79	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
79	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
79	Mason Mount from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
79	Daniel Podence is leaving the field to be replaced by Adama Traore in a tactical substitution.
78	Should have been a goal! Christian Pulisic gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Jose Sa!
78	Danger! Marcos Alonso from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
78	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
77	A shot by N'Golo Kante is blocked.
77	Danger! Mason Mount from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
77	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
77	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
76	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
76	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
75	N'Golo Kante from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
75	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 40%, Chelsea: 60%.
75	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
74	Mason Mount from Chelsea is ruled offside.
74	Could be a good chance here as Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
74	Mason Mount from Chelsea takes a short corner kick from the left.
74	Mason Mount sees his shot deflected off target
74	Poor play by Romain Saiss as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
74	Reece James swings in a cross from the free kick.
74	The game is restarted.
73	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
73	The ref blows his whistle. Fernando Marcal charged Mason Mount from behind and it's a free-kick
73	Ki-Jana Hoever relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Mason Mount from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
72	Conor Coady clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
72	Reece James puts in a cross...
72	The match is being played at a slow tempo with neither side having the upper hand
72	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
71	Ki-Jana Hoever from Wolverhampton Wanderers is ruled offside.
71	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
71	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 40%, Chelsea: 60%.
69	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
69	Ki-Jana Hoever from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
69	Ki-Jana Hoever from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
69	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
68	Jose Sa relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Mason Mount from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
68	Conor Coady clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
68	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
68	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
68	The referee signals a free kick as Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Reece James
67	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
67	Reece James puts in a cross...
67	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
66	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
66	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
66	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Fernando Marcal puts in a cross...
66	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
65	The ref blows his whistle. Antonio Ruediger charged Raul Jimenez from behind and it's a free-kick
65	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Hakim Ziyech is injured and is replaced by Mateo Kovacic.
65	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 42%, Chelsea: 58%.
64	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
63	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
63	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
62	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
61	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	The referee signals a free kick as Reece James from Chelsea trips Romain Saiss
60	Mason Mount from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
60	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 43%, Chelsea: 57%.
59	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
59	N'Golo Kante from Chelsea passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
59	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
58	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
58	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
57	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea is ruled offside.
57	Could be a good chance here as Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
56	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
56	The match is very one-sided right now. Chelsea are clearly dominating possession
55	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
55	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 46%, Chelsea: 54%.
54	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
54	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Mason Mount from Chelsea passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Reece James puts in a cross...
53	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
53	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips N'Golo Kante
52	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
52	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
51	Joao Moutinho is penalised for pushing N'Golo Kante.
51	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Max Kilman puts in a cross...
51	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
50	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
50	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 45%, Chelsea: 55%.
50	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
49	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
49	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
49	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
48	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
47	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
47	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Trevoh Chalobah is injured and is replaced by Saul Niguez.
46	The second half is underway.
50	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 45%, Chelsea: 55%.
49	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	A shot by Antonio Ruediger is blocked.
48	Jose Sa relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Reece James puts in a cross...
48	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
48	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
48	Hakim Ziyech puts in a cross...
47	Thiago Silva from Chelsea tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
47	Mason Mount from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
47	Mason Mount from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
47	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
47	Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
46	Raul Jimenez relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Mason Mount puts in a cross...
46	Fernando Marcal relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Mason Mount from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
46	Mason Mount from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
46	Danger! Reece James from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
46	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 48%, Chelsea: 52%.
45	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
44	The referee signals a free kick as Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Trevoh Chalobah
44	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
44	The referee signals a free kick as Ki-Jana Hoever from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Hakim Ziyech
43	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
43	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
43	A lob by Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes wide.
43	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
42	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
41	Leander Dendoncker sends a header towards goal, but Edouard Mendy is there to comfortably save it
41	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers puts in a great cross...
40	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
40	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
40	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 47%, Chelsea: 53%.
40	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Ki-Jana Hoever puts in a cross...
39	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
38	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Trevoh Chalobah comes back onto the field.
38	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
38	The match resumes with a drop ball.
37	Trevoh Chalobah is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
35	Thiago Silva is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
35	Trevoh Chalobah is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
35	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
35	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
35	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 48%, Chelsea: 52%.
35	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
35	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea tries to pass the ball to a teammate, but its nowehere near the intended target.
34	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
34	Marcos Alonso relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Joao Moutinho swings in a cross from the free kick.
33	Yellow card for Antonio Ruediger.
33	Dangerous challenge by Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea. Raul Jimenez on the receiving end of that.
33	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
33	Thiago Silva from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
32	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
31	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
30	Yellow card for Trevoh Chalobah.
30	Reckless challenge there. Trevoh Chalobah commits a rough foul on Raul Jimenez
30	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Mason Mount puts in a cross...
30	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 55%, Chelsea: 45%.
29	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
29	A shot by Mason Mount is blocked.
29	A chance opens up as Reece James from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
28	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
28	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
27	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
26	Conor Coady comes back onto the field.
26	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
26	The match resumes with a drop ball.
25	Conor Coady is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
25	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 52%, Chelsea: 48%.
24	Conor Coady is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
24	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
23	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
23	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
22	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
22	Reece James swings in a cross from the free kick.
22	The referee signals a free kick as Leander Dendoncker from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Trevoh Chalobah
21	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
21	The referee signals a free kick as Ki-Jana Hoever from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Marcos Alonso
20	Christian Pulisic hand-balls.
20	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
20	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 56%, Chelsea: 44%.
19	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea is ruled offside.
19	Could be a good chance here as Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
19	Edouard Mendy relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Poor play by Thiago Silva as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
19	Daniel Podence puts in a cross...
19	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
18	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
17	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
17	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
16	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers is ruled offside.
16	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for Wolverhampton Wanderers is revoked due to offside.
16	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
15	GOOOOOAAL!! Wolverhampton Wanderers score! Daniel Podence is on the scoresheet.
15	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
15	Danger! Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
15	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
15	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 49%, Chelsea: 51%.
15	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
14	The referee signals a free kick as Trevoh Chalobah from Chelsea trips Daniel Podence
14	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Hakim Ziyech puts in a cross...
14	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
13	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
13	Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
13	Mason Mount from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
12	Mason Mount from Chelsea sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
12	Danger! Reece James from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
12	Chelsea start a counter attack.
12	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
12	Marcos Alonso relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Fernando Marcal puts in a cross...
11	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
11	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 38%, Chelsea: 62%.
9	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
9	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
9	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
8	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
8	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
7	The referee signals a free kick as Ki-Jana Hoever from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Hakim Ziyech
7	Conor Coady from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
6	Daniel Podence puts in a cross...
6	Ki-Jana Hoever from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
6	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the right.
6	Antonio Ruediger clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
6	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Joao Moutinho puts in a cross...
5	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Ki-Jana Hoever puts in a cross...
5	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the right.
5	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 22%, Chelsea: 78%.
5	Marcos Alonso clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
5	Ruben Neves puts in a cross...
5	A shot by Daniel Podence is blocked.
4	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
4	Daniel Podence sees his shot deflected off target
3	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
3	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
3	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Ruben Neves relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Mason Mount from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
2	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
2	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
1	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
1	Reece James from Chelsea is ruled offside.
1	Antonio Ruediger puts in a cross...
1	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	The fog is closing in here, making visibility difficult.
1	Chelsea kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Molineux Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Arsenal with a deserved victory after a fine display
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Ball possession: Leeds: 51%, Arsenal: 49%.
94	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
94	Tyler Roberts is penalised for pushing Thomas Partey.
93	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
93	Sam Greenwood sends a long ball upfield.
93	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	Leeds is in control of the ball.
92	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
91	Sam Greenwood from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Today's attendance is 36166.
90	Ball possession: Leeds: 51%, Arsenal: 49%.
89	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
89	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
89	Gabriel from Arsenal fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
89	Granit Xhaka of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
89	Cedric Soares swings in a cross from the free kick.
88	Leeds has resigned and is just waiting for the referee to finish the match.
88	Robin Koch commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
88	Robin Koch is penalised for pushing Gabriel Martinelli.
87	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Illan Meslier relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Adam Forshaw could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
86	Granit Xhaka from Arsenal receives a yellow card for time wasting.
85	The referee signals a free kick as Sam Greenwood from Leeds trips Granit Xhaka
85	Martin Oedegaard is leaving the field to be replaced by Nuno Tavares in a tactical substitution.
85	Ball possession: Leeds: 50%, Arsenal: 50%.
84	Martin Oedegaard provided the assist for the goal.
84	GOOOOOAAL! - Emile Smith-Rowe scores with the right foot!
84	Martin Oedegaard carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
84	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
84	Arsenal start a counter attack.
83	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Goal kick for Arsenal.
82	The match resumes with a drop ball.
81	Crysencio Summerville is leaving the field to be replaced by Liam McCarron in a tactical substitution.
81	Martin Oedegaard is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
80	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
80	Ball possession: Leeds: 50%, Arsenal: 50%.
79	Robin Koch is penalised for pushing Alexandre Lacazette.
79	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Goal kick for Arsenal.
78	Mateusz Klich is leaving the field to be replaced by Sam Greenwood in a tactical substitution.
78	Bukayo Saka is leaving the field to be replaced by Emile Smith-Rowe in a tactical substitution.
78	Crysencio Summerville from Leeds fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
78	Mateusz Klich puts in a cross...
77	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
77	Arsenal start a counter attack.
77	A shot by Tyler Roberts is blocked.
77	Some neat football here as Tyler Roberts from Leeds plays a 1-2 with Mateusz Klich.
76	Leeds is trying to create something here.
76	Mateusz Klich from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
76	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
75	Ball possession: Leeds: 49%, Arsenal: 51%.
75	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Raphinha from Leeds puts it away from the penalty spot with the left foot! Aaron Ramsdale chose the wrong side.
74	PENALTY - Ben White from Arsenal concedes a penalty for tripping Joe Gelhardt.
74	Could be a good chance here as Mateusz Klich from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
73	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	Tyler Roberts shoots from outside the box, but Aaron Ramsdale has it under control
72	Crysencio Summerville of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
72	Alexandre Lacazette is penalised for pushing Adam Forshaw.
71	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
71	Leeds is trying to create something here.
70	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
70	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Ball possession: Leeds: 49%, Arsenal: 51%.
70	Aaron Ramsdale relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Crysencio Summerville from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
69	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
68	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
68	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal sends a shot inches wide of the post. Close!
68	Some neat football here as Bukayo Saka from Arsenal plays a 1-2 with Gabriel Martinelli.
67	A shot by Bukayo Saka is blocked.
67	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
67	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
67	Raphinha puts in a cross...
66	Gabriel Martinelli hand-balls.
65	Goal kick for Arsenal.
65	Crysencio Summerville from Leeds tries to pass the ball to a teammate, but its nowehere near the intended target.
65	Leeds is trying to create something here.
65	Ball possession: Leeds: 49%, Arsenal: 51%.
64	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
64	Cody Drameh puts in a cross...
64	The game is restarted.
64	Takehiro Tomiyasu is injured and is replaced by Cedric Soares.
63	Takehiro Tomiyasu is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
63	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
62	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal is ruled offside.
62	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	Joe Gelhardt from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
61	Cody Drameh puts in a cross...
61	Cody Drameh from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
61	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Tyler Roberts puts in a cross...
60	Ball possession: Leeds: 49%, Arsenal: 51%.
59	Goal kick for Arsenal.
59	Stuart Dallas comes back onto the field.
58	Tyler Roberts from Leeds tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
58	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Joe Gelhardt puts in a cross...
58	Leeds start a counter attack.
58	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Stuart Dallas is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
56	After a tactical foul, Stuart Dallas sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
56	Stuart Dallas from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Takehiro Tomiyasu
56	That looked a fine chance. Mateusz Klich from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
56	Raphinha of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
56	Leeds is in control of the ball.
55	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Ball possession: Leeds: 48%, Arsenal: 52%.
55	Goal kick for Arsenal.
54	Raphinha from Leeds crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
54	Illan Meslier relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
53	Leeds is in control of the ball.
52	Joe Gelhardt commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
52	Reckless challenge there. Joe Gelhardt commits a rough foul on Takehiro Tomiyasu
51	Raphinha comes back onto the field.
51	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	The game is restarted.
51	Raphinha is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
50	Ball possession: Leeds: 48%, Arsenal: 52%.
50	Raphinha is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
49	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
49	Leeds is in control of the ball.
48	Gabriel is penalised for pushing Joe Gelhardt.
48	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	A shot by Granit Xhaka is blocked.
47	Gabriel from Arsenal heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
47	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
46	Luke Ayling clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
46	Gabriel Martinelli puts in a cross...
46	Robin Koch relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
46	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
46	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
46	The second half is underway.
49	Arsenal has been the better team in this half
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Leeds: 49%, Arsenal: 51%.
48	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	The referee signals a free kick as Ben White from Arsenal trips Joe Gelhardt
47	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Arsenal start a counter attack.
46	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Raphinha from Leeds chips the ball into the penalty box.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Leeds: 46%, Arsenal: 54%.
45	Good effort by Bukayo Saka as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
45	Martin Oedegaard of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
44	Good effort by Martin Oedegaard as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
44	Gabriel Martinelli of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
44	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
44	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Arsenal stands.
43	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
42	GOOOOOAAL!! - Bukayo Saka from Arsenal scores after his effort with the left foot is deflected past the goalkeeper.
42	Great skill from Bukayo Saka as he dribbles past his opponents
42	Poor play by Mateusz Klich as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
42	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
42	Could be a good chance here as Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
41	Leeds is in control of the ball.
40	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	A shot by Bukayo Saka is blocked.
40	Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
40	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
40	Ball possession: Leeds: 46%, Arsenal: 54%.
39	Leeds is trying to create something here.
38	Leeds is in control of the ball.
37	The referee signals a free kick as Joe Gelhardt from Leeds trips Ben White
37	Leeds is in control of the ball.
36	Cody Drameh from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
36	Leeds is trying to create something here.
36	Leeds is in control of the ball.
35	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Illan Meslier saved a certain goal there! Alexandre Lacazette found himself in a great scoring position but Illan Meslier denied him with a great save
35	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal makes a great pass and space opens up...
35	Some neat football here as Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal plays a 1-2 with Bukayo Saka.
35	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
35	Ball possession: Leeds: 43%, Arsenal: 57%.
34	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Goal kick for Arsenal.
34	The game is restarted.
33	The match is on hold due to crowd disturbance.
32	Tyler Roberts fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
32	Bukayo Saka relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Raphinha puts in a cross...
31	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Jack Harrison is injured and is replaced by Crysencio Summerville.
31	Thomas Partey relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Mateusz Klich puts in a cross...
30	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Ball possession: Leeds: 39%, Arsenal: 61%.
29	Leeds is in control of the ball.
28	Granit Xhaka provided the assist for the goal.
28	GOOOOOAAL! - An excellent lob by Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal with the right foot.
28	CHANCE! Gabriel Martinelli finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
28	Granit Xhaka carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
28	Arsenal start a counter attack.
28	Great vision by Granit Xhaka from Arsenal as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
28	Stuart Dallas from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
28	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Raphinha is penalised for pushing Kieran Tierney.
26	Robin Koch relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Luke Ayling could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
26	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
26	Thomas Partey from Arsenal crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
26	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
25	Thomas Partey shoots from outside the box, but Illan Meslier has it under control
25	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
25	Ball possession: Leeds: 44%, Arsenal: 56%.
25	Goal kick for Arsenal.
24	Raphinha from Leeds sends a shot inches wide of the post. Close!
24	Great skill from Raphinha as he dribbles past his opponents
24	Leeds start a counter attack.
24	Tyler Roberts relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
24	Kieran Tierney forces a good save from Illan Meslier who turns the ball behind for a corner!
24	Granit Xhaka carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
23	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
23	A shot by Martin Oedegaard is blocked.
23	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
22	Raphinha from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Gabriel
22	Luke Ayling of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
22	Luke Ayling from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
21	Raphinha fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
21	Gabriel Martinelli could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
20	Stuart Dallas comes back onto the field.
20	The match resumes with a drop ball.
20	Stuart Dallas is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
20	Ball possession: Leeds: 49%, Arsenal: 51%.
19	Stuart Dallas is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
18	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
18	A shot by Bukayo Saka is blocked.
18	Great skill from Bukayo Saka as he dribbles past his opponents
18	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Danger averted there as Cody Drameh from Leeds clears the danger with a good tackle
17	Kieran Tierney from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
17	Arsenal managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
16	Alexandre Lacazette provided the assist for the goal.
16	GOOOOOAAL! - Gabriel Martinelli scores with the right foot!
16	Adam Forshaw could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
16	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
15	Ball possession: Leeds: 50%, Arsenal: 50%.
15	The referee signals a free kick as Cody Drameh from Leeds trips Gabriel Martinelli
14	That's a great ball by Kieran Tierney from Arsenal. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
14	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Leeds is in control of the ball.
13	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Joe Gelhardt is penalised for pushing Ben White.
11	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
11	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
11	Could be a good chance here as Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
11	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joe Gelhardt
10	Ball possession: Leeds: 47%, Arsenal: 53%.
9	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Ben White is penalised for pushing Joe Gelhardt.
7	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Leeds is trying to create something here.
5	Kieran Tierney shoots from outside the box, but Illan Meslier has it under control
5	Ball possession: Leeds: 41%, Arsenal: 59%.
4	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
4	Raphinha relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Martin Oedegaard puts in a cross...
4	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
3	Illan Meslier from Leeds makes a great save.
3	Thomas Partey forces a good save from Illan Meslier who turns the ball behind for a corner!
3	Martin Oedegaard of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
3	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
3	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
3	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal sends an effort wide of target
3	Illan Meslier saved a certain goal there! Alexandre Lacazette found himself in a great scoring position but Illan Meslier denied him with a great save
3	Could be a good chance here as Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
3	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
2	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Goal kick for Arsenal.
2	A chance presents itself to Raphinha from Leeds but his header goes wide
2	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
1	Stuart Dallas from Leeds sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
1	Stuart Dallas from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
1	Takehiro Tomiyasu could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
1	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	It's a cold day for playing football.
1	Leeds kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Elland Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
96	Today's attendance is 13933.
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Jordan Pickford from Everton is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
96	Ball possession: Chelsea: 80%, Everton: 20%.
96	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
95	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
95	Antonio Ruediger puts in a cross...
95	Christian Pulisic of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
95	Could be a good chance here as Ross Barkley from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
95	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
95	Chelsea are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
95	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
95	Great defending by Michael Keane from Everton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
95	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Reece James puts in a cross...
94	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
94	Mason Mount from Chelsea passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
94	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	A shot by Ross Barkley is blocked.
93	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
93	The match is very one-sided right now. Chelsea are clearly dominating possession
93	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
93	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	Mason Mount from Chelsea passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
92	Could be a good chance here as Reece James from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
92	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
92	Saul Niguez from Chelsea had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
92	Thiago Silva of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
92	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
92	The game is restarted.
91	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
91	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
91	Jonjoe Kenny swings in a cross from the free kick.
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Anthony Gordon is leaving the field to be replaced by Tyler Onyango in a tactical substitution.
90	Reece James is penalised for pushing Abdoulaye Doucoure.
90	Ball possession: Chelsea: 80%, Everton: 20%.
89	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
89	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
89	Jorginho relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Jonjoe Kenny puts in a cross...
89	Could be a good chance here as Lewis Dobbin from Everton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
89	Everton is trying to create something here.
88	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
88	Trevoh Chalobah puts in a cross...
88	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
88	That's a great ball by Alex Iwobi from Everton. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
88	Everton is trying to create something here.
87	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
87	Poor play by Trevoh Chalobah as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
87	Lewis Dobbin from Everton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
87	Lewis Dobbin from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
86	Reece James is penalised for pushing Lewis Dobbin.
86	Jarrad Branthwaite relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Ross Barkley from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
86	Jarrad Branthwaite clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
86	Mason Mount from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
86	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
86	Goal kick for Everton.
85	Ball possession: Chelsea: 81%, Everton: 19%.
85	Saul Niguez from Chelsea tries to pass the ball to a teammate, but its nowehere near the intended target.
85	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea heads the ball to a team mate.
85	Reece James swings in a cross from the free kick.
85	The referee signals a free kick as Anthony Gordon from Everton trips Jorginho
84	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
84	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Mason Mount from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
84	Mason Holgate relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Mason Mount puts in a cross...
83	Could be a good chance here as Reece James from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
83	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
82	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
82	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Ball possession: Chelsea: 80%, Everton: 20%.
80	Antonio Ruediger sends a header towards goal, but Jordan Pickford is there to comfortably save it
80	Ross Barkley from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
80	Jordan Pickford from Everton makes a great save.
80	Thiago Silva directs a header goal-bound but it's saved to a corner-kick by Jordan Pickford!
80	Ross Barkley from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
79	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
79	Cesar Azpilicueta is leaving the field to be replaced by Trevoh Chalobah in a tactical substitution.
79	Mason Mount from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
79	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
78	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
77	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - not to award a penalty for Everton!
77	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
77	Lewis Dobbin is booked for diving.
77	NO PENALTY! The ref believes Lewis Dobbin dived in the penalty box. Controversial!
77	Edouard Mendy relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Anthony Gordon from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
76	Cesar Azpilicueta clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
76	Anthony Gordon puts in a cross...
76	Everton is trying to create something here.
75	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: Chelsea: 80%, Everton: 20%.
74	With that goal, Everton equalised. Game on!
74	Anthony Gordon provided the assist for the goal.
74	GOOOOOAAL! - Jarrad Branthwaite volleys the ball into the back of the net with the right. A great finish!
74	Anthony Gordon swings in a cross from the free kick.
73	The referee signals a free kick as Reece James from Chelsea trips Anthony Gordon
73	Everton is trying to create something here.
73	Goal kick for Everton.
72	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
72	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
71	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Andre Gomes is leaving the field to be replaced by Jean-Philippe Gbamin in a tactical substitution.
70	Chelsea managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
70	Ball possession: Chelsea: 81%, Everton: 19%.
70	Reece James provided the assist for the goal.
70	GOOOOOAAL! - Mason Mount scores with the right foot!
70	Could be a good chance here as Reece James from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
70	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
69	The match is very one-sided right now. Chelsea are clearly dominating possession
69	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
69	A shot by Mason Mount is blocked.
69	Reece James of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
69	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
68	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
68	Ben Godfrey from Everton tries to play a nice 1-2 with Abdoulaye Doucoure, but it comes to nothing.
68	Ben Godfrey from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
68	Everton start a counter attack.
68	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
67	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
67	Everton is in control of the ball.
67	That's a great ball by Mason Mount from Chelsea. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
66	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Goal kick for Everton.
65	Ball possession: Chelsea: 80%, Everton: 20%.
65	Marcos Alonso is leaving the field to be replaced by Saul Niguez in a tactical substitution.
65	Ruben Loftus-Cheek is leaving the field to be replaced by Ross Barkley in a tactical substitution.
65	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
64	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
64	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	That's a great ball by Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
64	Yellow card for Andre Gomes.
64	The ref blows his whistle. Andre Gomes charged Christian Pulisic from behind and it's a free-kick
63	The referee signals a free kick as Anthony Gordon from Everton trips Reece James
63	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
62	Dangerous challenge by Reece James from Chelsea. Jordan Pickford on the receiving end of that.
62	Antonio Ruediger sends a long ball upfield.
62	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Goal kick for Everton.
62	Ellis Simms is leaving the field to be replaced by Lewis Dobbin in a tactical substitution.
61	Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
61	Reece James swings in a cross from the free kick.
60	The referee signals a free kick as Jarrad Branthwaite from Everton trips Ruben Loftus-Cheek
60	Ball possession: Chelsea: 80%, Everton: 20%.
60	Mason Mount from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
60	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
59	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
59	Yellow card for Jorginho.
59	The referee signals a free kick as Jorginho from Chelsea trips Jarrad Branthwaite
59	Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
58	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Goal kick for Everton.
58	Cesar Azpilicueta goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
58	Poor play by Jarrad Branthwaite as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
57	Reece James swings in a cross from the free kick.
57	The referee signals a free kick as Ben Godfrey from Everton trips Reece James
56	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
56	Good effort by Ben Godfrey as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
56	Marcos Alonso is penalised for pushing Jonjoe Kenny.
55	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
55	The referee signals a free kick as Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea trips Anthony Gordon
55	Ball possession: Chelsea: 80%, Everton: 20%.
54	Everton is in control of the ball.
54	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
54	Jonjoe Kenny fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
53	Could be a good chance here as Alex Iwobi from Everton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
53	Some neat football here as Alex Iwobi from Everton plays a 1-2 with Ellis Simms.
53	Everton start a counter attack.
53	Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
53	Mason Mount from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
53	Jonjoe Kenny clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
53	Reece James puts in a cross...
53	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
53	Great defending by Mason Holgate from Everton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
53	Jorginho from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
52	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
52	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Goal kick for Everton.
52	What a miss! Ruben Loftus-Cheek has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
51	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
51	Mason Mount's shot takes a wicked deflection but the goalkeeper just reaches it and saves for a corner. Close save!
51	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
51	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
51	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
50	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Oh no. From a promising position Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
50	Poor play by Mason Holgate as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
50	Cesar Azpilicueta puts in a cross...
50	Could be a good chance here as Christian Pulisic from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
50	Ball possession: Chelsea: 81%, Everton: 19%.
49	Hakim Ziyech comes back onto the field.
49	Everton is in control of the ball.
49	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	The game is restarted.
49	Hakim Ziyech is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
48	Hakim Ziyech is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
48	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
47	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
47	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Mason Holgate relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
46	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
48	Chelsea has been the better team in this half
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Chelsea: 81%, Everton: 19%.
47	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Goal kick for Everton.
46	That's a great ball by Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
46	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Anthony Gordon swings in a cross from the free kick.
45	Ball possession: Chelsea: 81%, Everton: 19%.
45	Yellow card for Ruben Loftus-Cheek.
45	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea trips Abdoulaye Doucoure
45	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
44	Everton start a counter attack.
44	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
44	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
43	Anthony Gordon shoots from outside the box, but Edouard Mendy has it under control
43	Abdoulaye Doucoure of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
43	Ben Godfrey of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
43	Everton start a counter attack.
42	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
42	The ref blows his whistle. Mason Mount charged Anthony Gordon from behind and it's a free-kick
41	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
41	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Ball possession: Chelsea: 81%, Everton: 19%.
40	Ruben Loftus-Cheek is penalised for pushing Anthony Gordon.
39	Everton is in control of the ball.
39	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Andre Gomes is penalised for pushing Christian Pulisic.
37	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
37	Ben Godfrey from Everton is ruled offside.
37	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
37	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
37	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Mason Holgate relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Jordan Pickford from Everton makes a great save.
36	Mason Mount has a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind for a corner kick by the keeper!
36	Some neat football here as Mason Mount from Chelsea plays a 1-2 with Antonio Ruediger.
36	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
36	A shot by Hakim Ziyech is blocked.
36	Ellis Simms relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
36	Michael Keane clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
36	Could be a good chance here as Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
35	Goal kick for Everton.
35	Ball possession: Chelsea: 76%, Everton: 24%.
34	Hakim Ziyech fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
34	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
34	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Mason Mount from Chelsea had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
33	Thiago Silva of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
33	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
31	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
31	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Ball possession: Chelsea: 74%, Everton: 26%.
30	Good effort by Mason Mount as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
30	Marcos Alonso of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
29	Could be a good chance here as Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
29	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
28	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Goal kick for Everton.
26	That's a great ball by Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
26	Reece James of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
26	Chelsea are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
25	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
25	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Mason Holgate relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Reece James from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
25	Could be a good chance here as Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
25	Ball possession: Chelsea: 72%, Everton: 28%.
25	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
24	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
24	The match resumes with a drop ball.
24	The game is stopped.
24	Goal kick for Everton.
24	Hakim Ziyech fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
23	Could be a good chance here as Christian Pulisic from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
23	Chelsea start a counter attack.
23	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	A player from Everton takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
22	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
21	Yellow card for Mason Holgate.
21	The ref blows his whistle. Mason Holgate charged Hakim Ziyech from behind and it's a free-kick
21	Ruben Loftus-Cheek comes back onto the field.
21	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
21	The match resumes with a drop ball.
21	Ruben Loftus-Cheek is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
20	Ball possession: Chelsea: 72%, Everton: 28%.
20	Ruben Loftus-Cheek is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
19	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
19	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Reece James puts in a cross...
19	Could be a good chance here as Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
19	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
19	Goal kick for Everton.
19	Reece James fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
19	Marcos Alonso takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
18	Michael Keane is penalised for pushing Christian Pulisic.
17	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
17	A shot by Andre Gomes is blocked.
17	Everton is trying to create something here.
16	Everton is in control of the ball.
16	Jorginho has a great chance to score, but Jordan Pickford comes out strongly to save!
16	Hakim Ziyech puts in a cross...
16	A direct free kick from Reece James is blocked by the keeper and goes back into play.
15	Ball possession: Chelsea: 71%, Everton: 29%.
15	The referee signals a free kick as Andre Gomes from Everton trips Hakim Ziyech
14	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
14	The referee signals a free kick as Mason Holgate from Everton trips Christian Pulisic
14	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
14	Jonjoe Kenny from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Everton start a counter attack.
14	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
13	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
13	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Andre Gomes relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
13	A shot from Hakim Ziyech goes to a corner kick after a save by the keeper.
13	Could be a good chance here as Christian Pulisic from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
13	Chelsea start a counter attack.
13	Mason Holgate could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
13	Everton is in control of the ball.
12	Antonio Ruediger sends a long ball upfield.
12	The match is very one-sided right now. Chelsea are clearly dominating possession
12	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Christian Pulisic has a great chance to score, but Jordan Pickford comes out strongly to save!
11	Hakim Ziyech of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
11	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
11	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
10	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Mason Mount puts in a cross...
10	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
10	Ball possession: Chelsea: 63%, Everton: 37%.
10	Michael Keane from Everton is ruled offside.
9	Anthony Gordon swings in a cross from the free kick.
9	Dangerous challenge by Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea. Anthony Gordon on the receiving end of that.
9	Goal kick for Everton.
8	Mason Mount sends a shot inches wide. Close!
8	Could be a good chance here as Reece James from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
8	Reece James from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
8	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
7	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
7	Goal kick for Everton.
6	How did he miss that? Reece James has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
6	Jorginho carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
6	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
6	Everton is in control of the ball.
5	Everton is trying to create something here.
5	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Ball possession: Chelsea: 50%, Everton: 50%.
4	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
4	Jorginho puts in a cross...
4	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
4	Everton is in control of the ball.
3	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Everton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Stamford Bridge, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Arsenal with a deserved victory after a fine display
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 59777.
96	Ball possession: Arsenal: 57%, West Ham: 43%.
95	A player from Arsenal takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
95	A chance opens up as Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal successfully finds a team mate in the area...
95	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal passes the ball, but his team mate can't benefit from it.
95	Could be a good chance here as Granit Xhaka from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
95	Ball possession: Arsenal: 57%, West Ham: 43%.
95	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
94	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
93	Goal kick for West Ham.
93	Granit Xhaka fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
92	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
92	West Ham has resigned and is just waiting for the referee to finish the match.
91	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Jarrod Bowen puts in a cross...
90	Said Benrahma takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
90	Ball possession: Arsenal: 56%, West Ham: 44%.
89	The ref blows his whistle. Thomas Partey charged Tomas Soucek from behind and it's a free-kick
88	Arsenal with a clear defensive substitution as Alexandre Lacazette comes off for the more defensively minded Nuno Tavares
88	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
88	Alexandre Lacazette is leaving the field to be replaced by Nuno Tavares in a tactical substitution.
87	Bukayo Saka provided the assist for the goal.
87	GOOOOOAAL! - Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal beats the keeper from outside the box with the left foot!
87	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
87	Arsenal start a counter attack.
87	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Tomas Soucek from West Ham makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	Said Benrahma of West Ham passes the ball to a team mate.
86	Great vision by Gabriel from Arsenal as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
86	Arthur Masuaku sends a long ball upfield.
85	Ball possession: Arsenal: 56%, West Ham: 44%.
85	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
84	Pablo Fornals is leaving the field to be replaced by Harrison Ashby in a tactical substitution.
84	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
84	Jarrod Bowen puts in a cross...
83	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Thomas Partey from Arsenal goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Said Benrahma
82	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	The game is restarted.
82	Gabriel Martinelli is injured and is replaced by Edward Nketiah.
82	Gabriel Martinelli is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
81	Gabriel Martinelli is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
81	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
80	Michail Antonio is penalised for pushing Gabriel Martinelli.
80	Ball possession: Arsenal: 54%, West Ham: 46%.
80	Emile Smith-Rowe goes for glory from long range but the keeper is equal to his shot and saves it!
80	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
80	Great defending by Issa Diop from West Ham to prevent his team conceding a goal.
79	Bukayo Saka has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
79	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box.
79	Could be a good chance here as Kieran Tierney from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
79	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
78	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
78	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
77	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
76	Manuel Lanzini is leaving the field to be replaced by Said Benrahma in a tactical substitution.
76	Gabriel from Arsenal fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
76	Issa Diop relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
76	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
75	Ball possession: Arsenal: 54%, West Ham: 46%.
75	Arthur Masuaku relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
75	Arthur Masuaku clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
75	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
75	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
74	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
73	West Ham is in control of the ball.
73	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
72	Goal kick for Arsenal.
72	Aaron Ramsdale from Arsenal receives a yellow card for time wasting.
72	That's a great ball by Manuel Lanzini from West Ham. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
71	Michail Antonio from West Ham sends a deflected cross into the box.
71	Michail Antonio from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
71	Goal kick for Arsenal.
70	Ball possession: Arsenal: 54%, West Ham: 46%.
70	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
70	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
69	The referee signals a free kick as Thomas Partey from Arsenal trips Pablo Fornals
69	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
69	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
69	PENHE MISSES! - Alexandre Lacazette takes the spot-kick but Lukasz Fabianski blocks it!
69	The game is restarted.
68	Alexandre Lacazette is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
67	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
67	SENT OFF! - Vladimir Coufal gets his 2nd yellow card and is dismissed!
67	PENALTY - Vladimir Coufal from West Ham concedes a penalty for tripping Alexandre Lacazette.
67	Could be a good chance here as Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
66	Arthur Masuaku could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
66	Goal kick for Arsenal.
66	Martin Oedegaard is leaving the field to be replaced by Emile Smith-Rowe in a tactical substitution.
65	Ball possession: Arsenal: 58%, West Ham: 42%.
65	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham sends an effort wide of target
65	Michail Antonio puts in a cross...
65	Tomas Soucek from West Ham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
64	Michail Antonio puts in a cross...
64	A shot by Declan Rice is blocked.
64	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
64	Takehiro Tomiyasu relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	A player from West Ham takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
63	Pablo Fornals from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
63	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Michail Antonio puts in a cross...
63	The referee signals a free kick as Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal trips Craig Dawson
63	Great vision by Craig Dawson from West Ham as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
63	Could be a good chance here as Granit Xhaka from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
62	A shot by Thomas Partey is blocked.
62	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal sends a deflected cross into the box.
62	Arsenal start a counter attack.
62	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Michail Antonio puts in a cross...
61	West Ham is trying to create something here.
60	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: Arsenal: 56%, West Ham: 44%.
60	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	A shot by Gabriel Martinelli is blocked.
60	Martin Oedegaard of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
60	Alexandre Lacazette of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
60	Gabriel Martinelli of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
60	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
58	The referee shows Gabriel Martinelli the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
58	Obstruction as Gabriel Martinelli cuts off the run of Lukasz Fabianski. A free-kick is awarded.
58	Martin Oedegaard sends a direct free kick on target, but the keeper saves it.
57	The referee signals a free kick as Craig Dawson from West Ham trips Alexandre Lacazette
56	Dangerous challenge by Michail Antonio from West Ham. Aaron Ramsdale on the receiving end of that.
56	Aaron Ramsdale relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	Gabriel could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
55	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Ball possession: Arsenal: 57%, West Ham: 43%.
55	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
54	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Arthur Masuaku could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
54	Goal kick for Arsenal.
54	Declan Rice from West Ham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
53	Pablo Fornals from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
53	Jarrod Bowen's shot takes a wicked deflection but the goalkeeper just reaches it and saves for a corner. Close save!
53	Martin Oedegaard could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
52	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Granit Xhaka relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Jarrod Bowen puts in a cross...
52	Great defending by Craig Dawson from West Ham to prevent his team conceding a goal.
52	Granit Xhaka has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
52	Martin Oedegaard of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
51	Safe hands from Lukasz Fabianski as he comes out and claims the ball
51	Kieran Tierney from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
50	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
50	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Ball possession: Arsenal: 56%, West Ham: 44%.
49	West Ham is trying to create something here.
48	Arsenal managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
48	Alexandre Lacazette provided the assist for the goal.
48	GOOOOOAAL! - Gabriel Martinelli scores with the right foot!
48	CHANCE! Gabriel Martinelli finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
48	Alexandre Lacazette carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
48	Michail Antonio from West Ham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Gabriel
47	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
47	Bukayo Saka goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
46	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
46	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Arsenal: 56%, West Ham: 44%.
46	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Arthur Masuaku puts in a cross...
46	West Ham is trying to create something here.
46	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	A player from West Ham takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
46	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Arsenal: 55%, West Ham: 45%.
45	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
45	Great defending by Craig Dawson from West Ham to prevent his team conceding a goal.
45	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal sends an effort wide of target
45	Alexandre Lacazette tests Lukasz Fabianski with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
45	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
44	Michail Antonio puts in a cross...
44	West Ham start a counter attack.
44	A shot by Gabriel Martinelli is blocked.
44	Takehiro Tomiyasu puts in a cross...
43	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
43	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
42	A shot by Thomas Partey is blocked.
42	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
42	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
42	West Ham is in control of the ball.
41	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
41	Arsenal are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
40	Kieran Tierney from Arsenal sees his effort hit the crossbar after the keeper parries the ball.
40	Great defending by Craig Dawson from West Ham to prevent his team conceding a goal.
40	Granit Xhaka has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
40	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box.
40	Some neat football here as Bukayo Saka from Arsenal plays a 1-2 with Martin Oedegaard.
40	Ball possession: Arsenal: 56%, West Ham: 44%.
40	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Goal kick for Arsenal.
38	Arthur Masuaku from West Ham sends an effort wide of target
38	Manuel Lanzini of West Ham passes the ball to a team mate.
38	Poor play by Takehiro Tomiyasu as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
38	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
37	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Vladimir Coufal from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
36	Declan Rice sends a long ball upfield.
36	A shot by Jarrod Bowen is blocked.
35	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
35	Ball possession: Arsenal: 53%, West Ham: 47%.
35	Pablo Fornals from West Ham tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
35	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Jarrod Bowen swings in a cross from the free kick.
34	The referee signals a free kick as Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal trips Tomas Soucek
33	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
33	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
32	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Goal kick for West Ham.
31	That's a great ball by Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
31	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal tries to play a nice 1-2 with a team mate, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
30	Ball possession: Arsenal: 48%, West Ham: 52%.
30	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	The game is restarted.
29	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
29	Good effort by Alexandre Lacazette as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
29	Danger averted there as Craig Dawson from West Ham clears the danger with a good tackle
29	Martin Oedegaard of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
29	Alexandre Lacazette puts in a cross...
28	Craig Dawson relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal heads the ball to a team mate.
28	Takehiro Tomiyasu puts in a cross...
27	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Arthur Masuaku comes back onto the field.
27	Goal kick for West Ham.
27	The game is restarted.
27	Arthur Masuaku is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
26	Arthur Masuaku is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
25	Ball possession: Arsenal: 44%, West Ham: 56%.
25	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
25	Great vision by Arthur Masuaku from West Ham as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
25	A shot by Bukayo Saka is blocked.
25	Some neat football here as Bukayo Saka from Arsenal plays a 1-2 with Takehiro Tomiyasu.
25	Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
25	Bukayo Saka puts in a cross...
24	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
23	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	West Ham is trying to create something here.
21	The game is restarted.
21	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
21	Michail Antonio from West Ham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Thomas Partey
20	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Arsenal: 51%, West Ham: 49%.
19	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	Aaron Ramsdale relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
18	Kieran Tierney clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
18	A player from West Ham takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
18	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	West Ham is trying to create something here.
17	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	The referee signals a free kick as Arthur Masuaku from West Ham trips Bukayo Saka
16	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
15	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Arsenal: 49%, West Ham: 51%.
15	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	Declan Rice relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
14	Jarrod Bowen clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
13	Takehiro Tomiyasu puts in a cross...
12	Gabriel Martinelli is penalised for pushing Jarrod Bowen.
12	Could be a good chance here as Kieran Tierney from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
12	Declan Rice relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Martin Oedegaard swings in a cross from the free kick.
12	The game is restarted.
11	Vladimir Coufal commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
11	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
11	Vladimir Coufal from West Ham commits a foul by elbowing Kieran Tierney
10	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Granit Xhaka takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
10	Ball possession: Arsenal: 18%, West Ham: 82%.
9	The referee signals a free kick as Declan Rice from West Ham trips Alexandre Lacazette
9	Goal kick for Arsenal.
8	Craig Dawson goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
8	Manuel Lanzini of West Ham passes the ball to a team mate.
8	Thomas Partey relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Declan Rice puts in a cross...
7	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
7	The referee signals a free kick as Thomas Partey from Arsenal trips Manuel Lanzini
6	West Ham is trying to create something here.
6	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ball possession: Arsenal: 51%, West Ham: 49%.
4	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
3	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
3	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
2	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	West Ham kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Emirates Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
104	Both teams could have won today but Wolverhampton Wanderers just managed to carve out the victory
104	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
104	Ball possession: Brighton: 59%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 41%.
104	Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
104	Goal kick for Brighton.
103	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
103	Danger averted there as Tariq Lamptey from Brighton clears the danger with a good tackle
103	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
103	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
103	Solly March from Brighton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
103	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
102	Alexis Mac Allister swings in a cross from the free kick.
102	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Tariq Lamptey
102	Solly March swings in a cross from the free kick.
101	Obstruction as Nelson Semedo cuts off the run of Solly March. A free-kick is awarded.
101	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
101	Adama Traore is leaving the field to be replaced by Fabio Silva in a tactical substitution.
100	Leandro Trossard takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
100	Ball possession: Brighton: 60%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 40%.
100	Leander Dendoncker from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Alexis Mac Allister
99	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
99	Brighton is trying to create something here.
99	Taylor Richards is penalised for pushing Joao Moutinho.
98	Brighton is in control of the ball.
97	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
97	Brighton is trying to create something here.
96	Brighton is in control of the ball.
96	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
95	Ball possession: Brighton: 59%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 41%.
95	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a clear defensive substitution as Trincao comes off for the more defensively minded Leander Dendoncker
94	Trincao is leaving the field to be replaced by Leander Dendoncker in a tactical substitution.
93	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
93	Brighton is in control of the ball.
93	Brighton is in control of the ball.
92	The game is restarted.
91	Adama Traore is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
91	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
91	After a tactical foul, Daniel Burn sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
91	The referee signals a free kick as Daniel Burn from Brighton trips Adama Traore
91	The fourth official shows there are 11 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Ball possession: Brighton: 57%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 43%.
90	Danger averted there as Joel Veltman from Brighton clears the danger with a good tackle
89	Great skill from Daniel Podence as he dribbles past his opponents
89	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
89	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
88	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
88	Joao Moutinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Leandro Trossard from Brighton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
87	The referee signals a free kick as Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Taylor Richards
87	Brighton is in control of the ball.
87	Today's attendance is 30362.
86	Solly March from Brighton is ruled offside.
86	A shot by Marc Cucurella is blocked.
86	Adam Lallana from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	Brighton is in control of the ball.
85	The match is very one-sided right now. Brighton are clearly dominating possession
85	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Ball possession: Brighton: 57%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 43%.
85	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
84	Joel Veltman puts in a cross...
84	Enock Mwepu is leaving the field to be replaced by Taylor Richards in a tactical substitution.
84	Yves Bissouma is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Lallana in a tactical substitution.
83	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Tariq Lamptey
83	Marc Cucurella from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
82	Brighton is in control of the ball.
82	A shot by Nelson Semedo is blocked.
82	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
81	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
81	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
81	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Alexis Mac Allister from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
80	Fernando Marcal clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
80	Solly March swings in a cross from the free kick.
80	Ball possession: Brighton: 57%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 43%.
79	Fernando Marcal is penalised for pushing Tariq Lamptey.
79	Brighton is in control of the ball.
78	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
78	The referee signals a free kick as Solly March from Brighton trips Trincao
78	Brighton is trying to create something here.
77	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
77	The game is restarted.
76	Fernando Marcal is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
76	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
75	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	That looked a fine chance. Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
75	Ball possession: Brighton: 56%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 44%.
75	Could be a good chance here as Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
74	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
74	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
73	Alexis Mac Allister fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
73	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Solly March from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
72	Brighton is trying to create something here.
72	Brighton is trying to create something here.
72	Brighton is in control of the ball.
71	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
70	The game is restarted.
70	Ball possession: Brighton: 57%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 43%.
69	Fernando Marcal is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
69	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
69	Yves Bissouma from Brighton is lucky to stay on the pitch as that was a reckless challenge
69	Yves Bissouma commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
68	Dangerous challenge by Yves Bissouma from Brighton. Fernando Marcal on the receiving end of that.
68	Fernando Marcal relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Jakub Moder from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
68	Solly March from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
67	Brighton is trying to create something here.
67	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Brighton is trying to create something here.
66	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton tries to play a 1-2 with Enock Mwepu, but the ball is intercepted.
66	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Ball possession: Brighton: 57%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 43%.
65	The game is restarted.
63	The play is stopped because of some technical problems.
63	The referee signals a free kick as Solly March from Brighton trips Fernando Marcal
63	Brighton is in control of the ball.
62	Brighton is in control of the ball.
62	Jakub Moder fouls Nelson Semedo.
62	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
62	Enock Mwepu goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
61	Jakub Moder swings in a cross from the free kick.
61	Aaron Connolly is leaving the field to be replaced by Alexis Mac Allister in a tactical substitution.
60	The referee signals a free kick as Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Tariq Lamptey
60	Ball possession: Brighton: 55%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 45%.
59	Brighton is in control of the ball.
59	Brighton is trying to create something here.
59	Good effort by Daniel Podence as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
59	Could be a good chance here as Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
59	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
59	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Solly March puts in a cross...
58	Brighton is trying to create something here.
58	The match resumes with a drop ball.
57	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
57	Daniel Podence releases a shot, it's parried by Robert Sanchez but he can't hold onto it...
57	Could be a good chance here as Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
57	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
56	Brighton is in control of the ball.
56	That's a great ball by Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
56	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
56	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
56	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
55	Ball possession: Brighton: 56%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 44%.
55	Inches! A volley from Fernando Marcal hits the post!
55	Ruben Neves puts in a cross...
54	Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
54	Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the right.
54	The game is restarted.
50	The play is stopped because of some technical problems.
50	Ball possession: Brighton: 55%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 45%.
49	Trincao forces a good save from Robert Sanchez who turns the ball behind for a corner!
49	Could be a good chance here as Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
48	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
48	Brighton is trying to create something here.
47	Max Kilman is penalised for pushing Aaron Connolly.
47	Marc Cucurella relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	CROSSBAR! A shot from Fernando Marcal stings the crossbar!
47	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers chips the ball into the penalty box.
47	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
47	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
46	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Brighton is trying to create something here.
46	The second half is underway.
49	The only goal scored by Wolverhampton Wanderers gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Brighton: 55%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 45%.
49	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
49	How did he miss that? Enock Mwepu has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
48	Leandro Trossard releases a shot, it's parried by Jose Sa but he can't hold onto it...
48	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Jakub Moder swings in a cross from the free kick.
48	The referee signals a free kick as Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Enock Mwepu
47	Brighton is trying to create something here.
47	Brighton is trying to create something here.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
46	Ruben Neves provided the assist for the goal.
46	GOOOOOAAL! - Romain Saiss volleys the ball into the back of the net with the right. A great finish!
46	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers puts in a great cross...
46	Poor play by Yves Bissouma as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
46	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the right.
45	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
45	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the right.
45	Ball possession: Brighton: 54%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 46%.
45	Daniel Podence takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
44	The referee signals a free kick as Tariq Lamptey from Brighton trips Daniel Podence
44	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
43	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	That's a great ball by Enock Mwepu from Brighton. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
42	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
42	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
41	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Brighton is trying to create something here.
41	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton tries to play a 1-2 with Enock Mwepu, but the ball is intercepted.
40	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
40	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
40	Ball possession: Brighton: 56%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 44%.
40	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Fernando Marcal puts in a cross...
39	Joel Veltman relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers sends a deflected cross into the box.
39	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
39	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
39	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Brighton is in control of the ball.
38	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
37	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Brighton is trying to create something here.
36	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
36	Fernando Marcal puts in a cross...
36	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Brighton: 56%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 44%.
35	Goal kick for Brighton.
34	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
34	Daniel Burn could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
34	Brighton is in control of the ball.
34	The referee signals a free kick as Jakub Moder from Brighton trips Nelson Semedo
34	Adama Traore is penalised for pushing Joel Veltman.
33	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
33	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton sends an effort wide of target
33	Solly March from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
33	Fernando Marcal clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
33	Solly March from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
32	The game is restarted.
32	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
31	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
31	Brighton is trying to create something here.
31	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
31	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
31	Brighton is in control of the ball.
30	Ball possession: Brighton: 53%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 47%.
30	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Brighton is trying to create something here.
29	Brighton is trying to create something here.
28	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Enock Mwepu
27	Brighton is trying to create something here.
27	Ruben Neves shoots from outside the box, but Robert Sanchez has it under control
27	Enock Mwepu from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
26	Nelson Semedo is penalised for pushing Jakub Moder.
25	Brighton is in control of the ball.
25	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
25	Ball possession: Brighton: 55%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 45%.
25	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
24	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
23	Jakub Moder from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
23	Conor Coady clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
23	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
22	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Brighton is in control of the ball.
21	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
20	Solly March from Brighton sends an effort wide of target
20	Could be a good chance here as Enock Mwepu from Brighton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
20	Brighton start a counter attack.
20	Ball possession: Brighton: 49%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 51%.
19	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	Fernando Marcal relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Jakub Moder from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
18	Brighton is trying to create something here.
17	Brighton is in control of the ball.
17	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers is ruled offside.
17	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
16	Solly March is penalised for pushing Fernando Marcal.
16	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
16	Hee-Chan Hwang is injured and is replaced by Adama Traore.
16	Enock Mwepu fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
15	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton sends a deflected cross into the box.
15	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Solly March puts in a cross...
15	Ball possession: Brighton: 40%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 60%.
15	Brighton is trying to create something here.
14	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
14	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
14	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
13	Nelson Semedo puts in a cross...
13	The game is restarted.
13	Hee-Chan Hwang is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
11	Hee-Chan Hwang is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
11	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
10	Jakub Moder fouls Daniel Podence.
10	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Brighton is in control of the ball.
10	Ball possession: Brighton: 38%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 62%.
9	Marc Cucurella fouls Max Kilman.
9	Hee-Chan Hwang comes back onto the field.
9	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
9	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	The game is restarted.
8	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
8	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Solly March from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
7	Brighton start a counter attack.
6	Good effort by Enock Mwepu as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
6	Joel Veltman puts in a cross...
6	The game is restarted.
6	Hee-Chan Hwang is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
5	Hee-Chan Hwang is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
5	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
5	Ball possession: Brighton: 22%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 78%.
5	The referee signals a free kick as Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Tariq Lamptey
5	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Brighton is in control of the ball.
4	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	The match resumes with a drop ball.
3	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
2	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
1	Fernando Marcal is penalised for pushing Aaron Connolly.
1	Yves Bissouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
1	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Wolverhampton Wanderers kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to The American Express Community Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
97	Today's attendance is 22861.
97	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 60%, Southampton: 40%.
97	The game is restarted.
96	Wilfredo Caballero from Southampton receives a yellow card for time wasting.
96	Lyanco is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
95	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 60%, Southampton: 40%.
95	Lyanco is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
95	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
95	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace commits a foul by elbowing Lyanco
95	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
94	Oriol Romeu fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
94	Moussa Djenepo of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
94	James Ward-Prowse of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
94	Goal kick for Southampton.
94	Michael Olise swings in the ball from a corner on the right, but it is nowhere near a teammate and it goes out of the field.
93	Mohammed Salisu clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
93	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
93	Michael Olise of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
93	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
93	Joel Ward swings in a cross from the free kick.
92	Shane Long is penalised for pushing Joachim Andersen.
92	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
92	Moussa Djenepo from Southampton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
92	Nathan Redmond of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
92	Theo Walcott from Southampton find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
92	Goal kick for Southampton.
91	Joel Ward goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
91	Tyrick Mitchell puts in a cross...
91	Wilfredo Caballero relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Joel Ward puts in a cross...
91	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 58%, Southampton: 42%.
90	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
90	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
89	Goal kick for Southampton.
89	Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
89	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
88	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	After a tactical foul, Lyanco sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
88	The referee signals a free kick as Lyanco from Southampton trips Christian Benteke
88	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Moussa Djenepo from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joel Ward
87	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Conor Gallagher is penalised for pushing Moussa Djenepo.
86	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
85	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 57%, Southampton: 43%.
85	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
85	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	The referee signals a free kick as Theo Walcott from Southampton trips Tyrick Mitchell
84	After a tactical foul, Mohammed Salisu sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
84	Obstruction as Mohammed Salisu cuts off the run of Michael Olise. A free-kick is awarded.
83	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Will Hughes from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
83	Joel Ward from Crystal Palace tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
83	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Nathan Tella is leaving the field to be replaced by Theo Walcott in a tactical substitution.
82	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	James Tomkins is leaving the field to be replaced by Joachim Andersen in a tactical substitution.
81	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
81	Moussa Djenepo goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
81	Marc Guehi relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
80	A shot by Nathan Tella is blocked.
80	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
80	Marc Guehi is penalised for pushing Shane Long.
80	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 58%, Southampton: 42%.
80	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
79	Crystal Palace start a counter attack.
79	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Shane Long from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
79	Nathan Redmond puts in a cross...
78	James Tomkins hand-balls.
78	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Michael Olise puts in a cross...
78	The referee signals a free kick as Moussa Djenepo from Southampton trips Michael Olise
78	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
77	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace trips Nathan Redmond
76	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Nathan Redmond puts in a cross...
76	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
76	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Jordan Ayew is leaving the field to be replaced by Michael Olise in a tactical substitution.
75	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 59%, Southampton: 41%.
75	A shot by James Ward-Prowse is blocked.
75	Odsonne Edouard relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
74	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
73	After a tactical foul, James Tomkins sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
73	The referee signals a free kick as James Tomkins from Crystal Palace trips Nathan Tella
73	Moussa Djenepo relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
73	Crystal Palace start a counter attack.
73	Shane Long from Southampton heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
73	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
72	Lyanco from Southampton heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
72	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
71	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
71	Moussa Djenepo of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
71	Nathan Redmond of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
71	Shane Long sends a header towards goal, but Jack Butland is there to comfortably save it
71	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
70	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 59%, Southampton: 41%.
70	William Smallbone is leaving the field to be replaced by Moussa Djenepo in a tactical substitution.
70	Armando Broja is leaving the field to be replaced by Shane Long in a tactical substitution.
69	Wilfried Zaha is penalised for pushing Valentino Livramento.
69	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
68	The referee signals a free kick as Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace trips James Ward-Prowse
68	James Ward-Prowse relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Will Hughes swings in a cross from the free kick.
67	After a tactical foul, Valentino Livramento sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
67	Valentino Livramento from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Wilfried Zaha
67	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
66	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 58%, Southampton: 42%.
65	With that goal, Crystal Palace equalised. Game on!
65	GOOOOOAAL! - Jordan Ayew finds the net with the right foot!
65	A shot from Odsonne Edouard is parried by the keeper and goes back into play.
65	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
65	Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
64	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
64	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
64	Crystal Palace with an attacking substitution here.
64	Cheikhou Kouyate is leaving the field to be replaced by Christian Benteke in a tactical substitution.
63	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
63	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Nathan Tella comes back onto the field.
62	The game is restarted.
62	Nathan Tella is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
61	Nathan Tella is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
61	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
60	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 57%, Southampton: 43%.
60	Dangerous challenge by Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace. Nathan Redmond on the receiving end of that.
60	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
59	Nathan Redmond from Southampton is ruled offside.
59	Nathan Redmond from Southampton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Nathan Tella of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
59	Nathan Tella from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
59	Southampton start a counter attack.
59	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
58	Nathan Tella relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Will Hughes from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
58	What a save! Odsonne Edouard has a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by the keeper!
58	Odsonne Edouard has a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind for a corner kick by the keeper!
58	Jordan Ayew of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
58	Oriol Romeu relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
57	Armando Broja is penalised for pushing James Tomkins.
57	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 53%, Southampton: 47%.
55	The referee signals a free kick as James Ward-Prowse from Southampton trips Tyrick Mitchell
55	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Danger averted there as Valentino Livramento from Southampton clears the danger with a good tackle
55	Cheikhou Kouyate from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Valentino Livramento relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
53	The referee signals a free kick as Nathan Tella from Southampton trips Cheikhou Kouyate
53	Lyanco relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Jordan Ayew puts in a cross...
53	Mohammed Salisu from Southampton concedes a foul on Conor Gallagher but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
53	Dangerous challenge by Armando Broja from Southampton. James Tomkins on the receiving end of that.
52	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
52	Odsonne Edouard of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
52	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
52	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Valentino Livramento from Southampton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
51	Valentino Livramento from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
50	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 53%, Southampton: 47%.
50	Safe hands from Jack Butland as he comes out and claims the ball
50	Valentino Livramento puts in a cross...
50	Southampton is in control of the ball.
49	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
49	Could be a good chance here as Cheikhou Kouyate from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
49	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
48	Valentino Livramento relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
48	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Oriol Romeu relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Will Hughes swings in a cross from the free kick.
47	Nathan Tella is penalised for pushing Marc Guehi.
47	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	A shot by Wilfried Zaha is blocked.
46	Conor Gallagher of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
46	Crystal Palace start a counter attack.
46	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
48	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 52%, Southampton: 48%.
48	Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
48	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace heads the ball to a team mate.
48	Valentino Livramento relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Jordan Ayew puts in a cross...
47	Armando Broja from Southampton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
47	Armando Broja from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
47	Southampton start a counter attack.
47	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
47	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
46	Mohammed Salisu from Southampton is ruled offside.
46	Nathan Tella puts in a cross...
46	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
45	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 53%, Southampton: 47%.
45	James Tomkins clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
45	James Tomkins could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
45	Goal kick for Southampton.
44	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
44	The referee signals a free kick as Oriol Romeu from Southampton trips Conor Gallagher
43	The referee signals a free kick as William Smallbone from Southampton trips Will Hughes
43	Cheikhou Kouyate relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
42	Dangerous challenge by Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace. Nathan Tella on the receiving end of that.
42	Southampton is in control of the ball.
41	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
41	James Ward-Prowse fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
41	Kyle Walker-Peters of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
41	Southampton is trying to create something here.
40	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
40	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 53%, Southampton: 47%.
40	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
39	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Armando Broja from Southampton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
39	Valentino Livramento from Southampton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
39	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	A shot by James Ward-Prowse is blocked.
38	Valentino Livramento from Southampton sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
38	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
36	Kyle Walker-Peters provided the assist for the goal.
36	GOOOOOAAL! - Armando Broja from Southampton beats the keeper from outside the box with the right foot!
36	A Southampton-player passes the ball to a team mate.
36	Conor Gallagher could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
36	The referee signals a free kick as Nathan Tella from Southampton trips Conor Gallagher
35	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 52%, Southampton: 48%.
35	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace is ruled offside.
34	The referee signals a free kick as James Ward-Prowse from Southampton trips Wilfried Zaha
34	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Nathan Redmond puts in a cross...
34	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
33	A great goal by James Ward-Prowse
33	With that goal, Southampton equalised. Game on!
32	GOOOOOAAL! James Ward-Prowse curls the direct free kick into the back of the net with the right foot! Wonderful finish
31	The referee signals a free kick as Will Hughes from Crystal Palace trips Armando Broja
31	Odsonne Edouard relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
30	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 55%, Southampton: 45%.
30	Odsonne Edouard hand-balls.
30	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
29	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
28	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
27	The referee signals a free kick as Oriol Romeu from Southampton trips Conor Gallagher
27	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
25	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 55%, Southampton: 45%.
25	The referee signals a free kick as Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton trips Jordan Ayew
25	After a tactical foul, Marc Guehi sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
25	Marc Guehi from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Armando Broja
25	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
24	Marc Guehi relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	James Ward-Prowse puts in a cross...
24	Odsonne Edouard relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
23	Valentino Livramento from Southampton sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
23	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
23	How did he miss that? Odsonne Edouard has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
23	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box.
22	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
21	Oriol Romeu fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
21	Odsonne Edouard relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
20	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 51%, Southampton: 49%.
20	Valentino Livramento from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
20	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
18	Nathan Tella from Southampton is ruled offside.
17	The referee signals a free kick as Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace trips Kyle Walker-Peters
17	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
16	William Smallbone goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
16	Could be a good chance here as Armando Broja from Southampton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
16	Southampton start a counter attack.
15	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 41%, Southampton: 59%.
15	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	The referee signals a free kick as Nathan Redmond from Southampton trips Conor Gallagher
14	Armando Broja sends a header towards goal, but Jack Butland is there to comfortably save it
14	William Smallbone swings in a cross from the free kick.
13	The referee signals a free kick as James Tomkins from Crystal Palace trips Kyle Walker-Peters
13	Southampton is trying to create something here.
12	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
11	Wilfried Zaha is penalised for pushing Lyanco.
10	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 30%, Southampton: 70%.
10	A shot from James Tomkins is parried by the keeper and goes back into play.
10	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
9	The referee signals a free kick as Lyanco from Southampton trips Jordan Ayew
8	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
8	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Nathan Redmond from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
8	Southampton is trying to create something here.
7	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	Southampton is in control of the ball.
6	Jack Butland relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	William Smallbone from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
6	Southampton is in control of the ball.
5	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 30%, Southampton: 70%.
5	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
4	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace takes a short corner kick from the left.
4	Lyanco clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
4	Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
4	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
3	Crystal Palace managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
2	Odsonne Edouard provided the assist for the goal.
2	GOOOOOAAL! - Wilfried Zaha scores with the right foot!
2	Odsonne Edouard of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
2	Crystal Palace start a counter attack.
2	Southampton is in control of the ball.
2	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Southampton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Selhurst Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 52401.
94	Ball possession: Manchester City: 65%, Leeds: 35%.
93	Kevin De Bruyne fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
93	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Nathan Ake relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	Oleksandr Zinchenko could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
92	The referee signals a free kick as Fernandinho from Manchester City trips Tyler Roberts
92	Goal kick for Leeds.
92	Riyad Mahrez fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
91	Great skill from Riyad Mahrez as he dribbles past his opponents
91	Goal kick for Leeds.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Good effort by Ilkay Gundogan as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
90	Aymeric Laporte sends a long ball upfield.
90	Ball possession: Manchester City: 65%, Leeds: 35%.
90	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
89	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
89	Mateusz Klich goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
88	Kevin De Bruyne sends a direct free kick on target, but Illan Meslier has it under control
87	Mateusz Klich is penalised for pushing Fernandinho.
87	Good effort by Jack Harrison as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
86	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
86	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Kevin De Bruyne puts in a cross...
85	Danger! Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
85	Manchester City start a counter attack.
85	Ball possession: Manchester City: 65%, Leeds: 35%.
85	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
84	Phil Foden fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
83	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Phil Foden relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
82	Nathan Ake clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
82	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
82	A shot by Phil Foden is blocked.
81	Manchester City are trying to create something here.
81	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
80	Ball possession: Manchester City: 64%, Leeds: 36%.
79	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
78	Phil Foden provided the assist for the goal.
78	GOOOOOAAL! - Nathan Ake from Manchester City heads the ball home!
78	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
77	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
77	Great skill from Ilkay Gundogan as he dribbles past his opponents
77	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Ball possession: Manchester City: 64%, Leeds: 36%.
74	GOOOOOAAL! - John Stones finds the net with the left foot!
74	John Stones releases a shot, it's parried by Illan Meslier but he can't hold onto it...
74	A header from Aymeric Laporte is blocked by the keeper and bounces back into play!
74	Fernandinho puts in a cross...
74	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City crosses a free kick, but his teammate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
73	Junior Firpo is leaving the field to be replaced by Cody Drameh in a tactical substitution.
73	The referee signals a free kick as Stuart Dallas from Leeds trips Phil Foden
72	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
72	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
71	Jack Harrison from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
71	Stuart Dallas from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
71	Danger! Jack Harrison from Leeds successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
70	Tyler Roberts relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
70	Ball possession: Manchester City: 64%, Leeds: 36%.
70	Riyad Mahrez forces a good save from Illan Meslier who turns the ball behind for a corner!
70	Danger! Phil Foden from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
70	Phil Foden from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
70	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
69	The match resumes with a drop ball.
68	The game is stopped.
67	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
67	Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joe Gelhardt
66	Leeds are in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: Manchester City: 65%, Leeds: 35%.
65	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
65	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
65	Ruben Dias is leaving the field to be replaced by Nathan Ake in a tactical substitution.
63	Good effort by Tyler Roberts as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
63	Tyler Roberts from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
62	A great goal by Kevin De Bruyne
62	Ilkay Gundogan provided the assist for the goal.
62	GOOOOOAAL! - Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City beats the keeper from outside the box with the right foot!
61	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
61	Phil Foden from Manchester City is ruled offside.
61	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
61	Danger! Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
61	Raphinha could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
60	Ball possession: Manchester City: 65%, Leeds: 35%.
60	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
60	Luke Ayling from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
60	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
59	A shot by Jack Harrison is blocked.
59	Great skill from Jack Harrison as he dribbles past his opponents
59	Leeds are trying to create something here.
58	Mateusz Klich from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ilkay Gundogan
57	Jack Grealish from Manchester City goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joe Gelhardt
57	Luke Ayling relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Riyad Mahrez puts in a cross...
57	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
56	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
56	Ball possession: Manchester City: 64%, Leeds: 36%.
56	Rodri is leaving the field to be replaced by Fernandinho in a tactical substitution.
56	POST! So nearly a goal by Stuart Dallas but his finish hits the post!
56	Poor play by Oleksandr Zinchenko as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
55	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
54	That's a great ball by Phil Foden from Manchester City. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
54	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
54	CHANCE! Ilkay Gundogan has a great chance to score but his volleyed effort fails to hit the target!
53	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City puts in a great cross...
53	Adam Forshaw relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Riyad Mahrez puts in a cross...
52	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
52	The direct free kick is taken by Riyad Mahrez and it's on target...
51	Junior Firpo from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jack Grealish
51	Jack Grealish from Manchester City plays a cheeky 1-2 with Kevin De Bruyne.
50	Ball possession: Manchester City: 64%, Leeds: 36%.
50	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
50	A shot by Kevin De Bruyne is blocked.
50	A shot by Riyad Mahrez is blocked.
50	Great skill from Riyad Mahrez as he dribbles past his opponents
49	Ilkay Gundogan provided the assist for the goal.
49	GOAL! - Riyad Mahrez score from a shot with the right foot, that takes a deflection.
49	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City chips the ball into the penalty box.
48	Jack Harrison from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but Ederson Moraes comes out to smother the ball.
48	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
47	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
46	Bernardo Silva is leaving the field to be replaced by Ilkay Gundogan in a tactical substitution.
46	Daniel James is leaving the field to be replaced by Joe Gelhardt in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Manchester City: 64%, Leeds: 36%.
49	Leeds are in control of the ball.
48	Phil Foden from Manchester City makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
47	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Forshaw from Leeds trips Kevin De Bruyne
47	John Stones relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
47	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
46	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Kevin De Bruyne fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
45	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
45	Ball possession: Manchester City: 66%, Leeds: 34%.
45	Jack Harrison from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
45	Junior Firpo from Leeds sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
45	Danger! Jack Harrison from Leeds successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
45	Leeds start a counter attack.
44	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
44	Rodri from Manchester City tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
43	A shot by Phil Foden is blocked.
43	Danger! Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
42	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Goal kick for Leeds.
41	Phil Foden fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
41	Great skill from Phil Foden as he dribbles past his opponents
41	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
40	The referee runs back to show Ruben Dias from Manchester City a yellow card for the previous foul.
40	Ball possession: Manchester City: 64%, Leeds: 36%.
40	Jack Grealish from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
39	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
39	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
38	Jamie Shackleton is injured and is replaced by Mateusz Klich.
38	Jamie Shackleton is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
37	Jamie Shackleton is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
36	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
36	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
35	Ball possession: Manchester City: 63%, Leeds: 37%.
35	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
35	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Manchester City are trying to create something here.
34	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
33	Leeds are trying to create something here.
32	Rodri provided the assist for the goal.
32	GOOOOOAAL! - Kevin De Bruyne scores with the left foot!
32	Rodri carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
31	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
30	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
30	Ball possession: Manchester City: 62%, Leeds: 38%.
29	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
29	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
29	Great skill from Rodri as he dribbles past his opponents
29	Jack Grealish puts in a cross...
29	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
28	Kevin De Bruyne shoots from outside the box, but Illan Meslier has it under control
26	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
26	Tyler Roberts relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
26	Phil Foden from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
26	Phil Foden from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
26	Manchester City start a counter attack.
26	Rodri relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Daniel James from Leeds sends a deflected cross into the box.
25	Ball possession: Manchester City: 61%, Leeds: 39%.
25	The referee signals a free kick as Stuart Dallas from Leeds trips Bernardo Silva
24	Leeds are in control of the ball.
23	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
22	The referee signals a free kick as Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City trips Raphinha
22	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
22	Great skill from Bernardo Silva as he dribbles past his opponents
22	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
21	Raphinha relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Kevin De Bruyne swings in a cross from the free kick.
20	Ball possession: Manchester City: 49%, Leeds: 51%.
20	Yellow card for Junior Firpo.
20	Junior Firpo from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Riyad Mahrez
19	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
19	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
19	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
18	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
18	A shot by Jack Grealish is blocked.
18	Jack Grealish from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
17	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
17	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
15	Aymeric Laporte from Manchester City fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
15	Phil Foden heads the ball back across goal...
15	Tyler Roberts relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Kevin De Bruyne swings in a cross from the free kick.
15	Ball possession: Manchester City: 53%, Leeds: 47%.
14	Obstruction as Diego Llorente cuts off the run of Jack Grealish. A free-kick is awarded.
14	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Riyad Mahrez provided the assist for the goal.
13	GOOOOOAAL! - Jack Grealish from Manchester City heads the ball home!
13	Riyad Mahrez puts in a cross...
13	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
12	A shot by Kevin De Bruyne is blocked.
11	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Leeds are in control of the ball.
10	Ball possession: Manchester City: 60%, Leeds: 40%.
10	The referee signals a free kick as Raphinha from Leeds trips Jack Grealish
9	Oleksandr Zinchenko relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
8	GOOOOOAAL! - Phil Foden reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the left!
8	Poor play by Illan Meslier as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
8	CHANCE! Rodri finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
8	Great skill from Rodri as he dribbles past his opponents
7	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
7	How did he miss that? Bernardo Silva has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
7	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
7	Danger! Phil Foden from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
7	Diego Llorente could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
6	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Adam Forshaw shoots from outside the box, but Ederson Moraes has it under control
6	The referee signals a free kick as Rodri from Manchester City trips Tyler Roberts
5	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Ball possession: Manchester City: 39%, Leeds: 61%.
4	Jack Grealish from Manchester City tries to play a 1-2 with Kevin De Bruyne, but the ball is intercepted.
4	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
4	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
4	Raphinha from Leeds had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
3	Raphinha from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
3	Jack Grealish shoots from outside the box, but Illan Meslier has it under control
3	Jack Grealish from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
2	A shot by Phil Foden is blocked.
2	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
1	Manchester City are in control of the ball.
1	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Leeds kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Etihad Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	The referee signals a free kick as Teemu Pukki from Norwich trips Matt Targett
96	Today's attendance is 26836.
96	Aston Villa with a deserved victory after a fine display
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Ball possession: Norwich: 50%, Aston Villa: 50%.
95	Good effort by Jacob Ramsey as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
95	Could be a good chance here as Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
95	Aston Villa start a counter attack.
95	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
95	Teemu Pukki from Norwich had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
95	Adam Idah of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
94	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
94	That's a great ball by Adam Idah from Norwich. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
93	Norwich is trying to create something here.
93	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	The referee signals a free kick as Billy Gilmour from Norwich trips Douglas Luiz
92	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
91	Norwich is trying to create something here.
91	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Norwich: 50%, Aston Villa: 50%.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Matty Cash from Aston Villa trips Adam Idah
89	Norwich is in control of the ball.
89	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Norwich is in control of the ball.
88	John McGinn is leaving the field to be replaced by Axel Tuanzebe in a tactical substitution.
88	A wonderful team goal!
87	Carney Chukwuemeka provided the assist for the goal.
87	GOOOOOAAL! - Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa taps the ball in with the right! An easy finish for Ollie Watkins
87	Carney Chukwuemeka from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box.
87	Carney Chukwuemeka from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
87	Poor play by Billy Gilmour as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
87	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
87	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
87	Jacob Ramsey of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
87	Carney Chukwuemeka of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
86	John McGinn swings in a cross from the free kick.
86	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Idah from Norwich trips Matty Cash
86	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
85	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
85	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Ball possession: Norwich: 50%, Aston Villa: 50%.
84	Great defending by Brandon Williams from Norwich to prevent his team conceding a goal.
84	Danger averted there as Brandon Williams from Norwich clears the danger with a good tackle
84	Ollie Watkins of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
84	Could be a good chance here as Matty Cash from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
84	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
83	The game is restarted.
83	Emiliano Buendia is leaving the field to be replaced by Carney Chukwuemeka in a tactical substitution.
83	Jacob Lungi Soerensen is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
83	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
83	Jacob Lungi Soerensen from Norwich sends a shot outside the penalty box, but the [goalkeeper] manages to grab the ball.
82	Brandon Williams puts in a cross...
82	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Kenny McLean from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
81	Matty Cash clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
81	Brandon Williams from Norwich sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
81	Brandon Williams from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
81	Norwich is trying to create something here.
81	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
80	Norwich is trying to create something here.
80	Ball possession: Norwich: 50%, Aston Villa: 50%.
80	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
80	Billy Gilmour from Norwich crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
80	Adam Idah puts in a cross...
80	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Norwich is trying to create something here.
77	Kenny McLean relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
77	John McGinn from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
77	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
76	John McGinn from Aston Villa takes a short corner kick from the right.
76	Ben Gibson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
76	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Przemyslaw Placheta is leaving the field to be replaced by Kieran Dowell in a tactical substitution.
75	A shot by Ollie Watkins is blocked.
75	Danny Ings from Aston Villa had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
75	Could be a good chance here as John McGinn from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
75	John McGinn from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
75	Aston Villa start a counter attack.
75	Brandon Williams could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
75	Ball possession: Norwich: 49%, Aston Villa: 51%.
75	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
74	Przemyslaw Placheta from Norwich crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
74	Norwich is trying to create something here.
73	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Przemyslaw Placheta puts in a cross...
73	The match is very one-sided right now. Norwich are clearly dominating possession
73	Norwich is trying to create something here.
73	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	The referee signals a free kick as Kenny McLean from Norwich trips Matty Cash
72	Adam Idah sends a header towards goal, but Emiliano Martinez is there to comfortably save it
72	Billy Gilmour swings in a cross from the free kick.
71	The game is restarted.
71	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
71	The ref blows his whistle. John McGinn charged Przemyslaw Placheta from behind and it's a free-kick
71	Norwich is trying to create something here.
70	Norwich is trying to create something here.
70	Ollie Watkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
70	Ball possession: Norwich: 47%, Aston Villa: 53%.
70	Przemyslaw Placheta from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
70	Przemyslaw Placheta from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
70	Ezri Konsa comes back onto the field.
70	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
69	The game is restarted.
69	Ezri Konsa is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
68	Ezri Konsa is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
68	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
68	That's a great ball by Sam Byram from Norwich. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
68	Norwich is trying to create something here.
67	Norwich is trying to create something here.
67	Norwich is trying to create something here.
67	Sam Byram relieves the pressure with a clearance
67	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
67	Could be a good chance here as Danny Ings from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
66	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
66	That's a great ball by Danny Ings from Aston Villa. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
66	John McGinn from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
66	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
65	Norwich is in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: Norwich: 47%, Aston Villa: 53%.
65	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
65	Adam Idah relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	John McGinn swings in a cross from the free kick.
64	Yellow card for Brandon Williams.
64	Brandon Williams from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Matty Cash
63	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
63	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
63	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
63	Norwich is trying to create something here.
63	Norwich is in control of the ball.
63	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	The game is restarted.
62	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
62	Ezri Konsa relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Adam Idah puts in a cross...
62	Could be a good chance here as Przemyslaw Placheta from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
62	Norwich is trying to create something here.
62	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	Todd Cantwell is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Idah in a tactical substitution.
61	Ezri Konsa relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Billy Gilmour sends a long ball upfield.
61	Norwich is trying to create something here.
61	Douglas Luiz relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Brandon Williams puts in a cross...
61	Norwich is trying to create something here.
60	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
60	A shot by Ollie Watkins is blocked.
60	Could be a good chance here as Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
60	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
60	Ball possession: Norwich: 48%, Aston Villa: 52%.
60	Ashley Young is leaving the field to be replaced by Danny Ings in a tactical substitution.
59	Tyrone Mings is penalised for pushing Billy Gilmour.
58	The referee signals a free kick as Ben Gibson from Norwich trips Ollie Watkins
58	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
58	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
58	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
58	Emiliano Buendia clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
58	Todd Cantwell from Norwich sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
57	Could be a good chance here as Brandon Williams from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
57	Norwich is trying to create something here.
57	Billy Gilmour from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	Norwich is trying to create something here.
56	Norwich is in control of the ball.
56	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
56	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Yellow card for Sam Byram.
55	Dangerous challenge by Sam Byram from Norwich. Tyrone Mings on the receiving end of that.
55	Ball possession: Norwich: 46%, Aston Villa: 54%.
55	Norwich is trying to create something here.
55	So nearly a goal there! Ollie Watkins's header looked destined for the back of the net but Tim Krul saves it!
55	John McGinn from Aston Villa puts in a great cross...
55	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
55	Ashley Young from Aston Villa sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
55	Could be a good chance here as Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
55	Ollie Watkins of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
55	Matty Cash of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
55	Could be a good chance here as Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
54	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
54	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
54	Matt Targett from Aston Villa sends an effort wide of target
53	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
53	The match resumes with a drop ball.
53	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
53	A shot by Emiliano Buendia is blocked.
52	Billy Gilmour relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Matt Targett from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
52	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
52	Ben Gibson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
52	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
52	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
52	How did he miss that? Kenny McLean has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
52	CHANCE! Kenny McLean finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
52	Norwich start a counter attack.
52	Ashley Young could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
51	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
51	Ben Gibson sends a header towards goal, but Emiliano Martinez is there to comfortably save it
51	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
50	Ezri Konsa clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
50	Poor play by Matt Targett as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
50	Todd Cantwell from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
50	Could be a good chance here as Brandon Williams from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
50	Ball possession: Norwich: 48%, Aston Villa: 52%.
49	The referee shows Ezri Konsa the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
49	John McGinn is penalised for pushing Kenny McLean.
49	Przemyslaw Placheta from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jacob Ramsey
48	Dangerous challenge by Przemyslaw Placheta from Norwich. Ollie Watkins on the receiving end of that.
48	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	The ref blows his whistle. Todd Cantwell charged Matty Cash from behind and it's a free-kick
46	Yellow card for Max Aarons.
46	Max Aarons from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jacob Ramsey
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Kenny McLean from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
46	The second half is underway.
50	Aston Villa has been the better team in this half
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: Norwich: 49%, Aston Villa: 51%.
50	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jacob Lungi Soerensen
49	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Kenny McLean from Norwich tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
48	Todd Cantwell from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
48	Douglas Luiz clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
48	Teemu Pukki from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Could be a good chance here as Max Aarons from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
47	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Norwich is in control of the ball.
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The game is restarted.
46	Ozan Kabak is injured and is replaced by Sam Byram.
46	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Norwich: 47%, Aston Villa: 53%.
45	Ozan Kabak is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
45	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
44	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
43	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Jacob Lungi Soerensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	Matty Cash from Aston Villa sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
43	Matty Cash from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
43	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
43	Matt Targett from Aston Villa is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
43	Billy Gilmour puts in a cross...
42	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Norwich is trying to create something here.
42	Norwich is in control of the ball.
42	John McGinn from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
41	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
41	Ozan Kabak relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	Tyrone Mings heads the ball back across goal...
41	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	Douglas Luiz puts in a cross...
41	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa takes a short corner kick from the left.
41	Tim Krul clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
41	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
40	Ball possession: Norwich: 47%, Aston Villa: 53%.
40	Brandon Williams clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
40	Jacob Ramsey goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
40	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
40	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
39	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
39	Todd Cantwell from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
39	Great defending by Matt Targett from Aston Villa to prevent his team conceding a goal.
39	Matt Targett clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
38	Przemyslaw Placheta from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
38	Norwich is trying to create something here.
38	Norwich is in control of the ball.
38	Max Aarons from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
38	Norwich is trying to create something here.
37	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
36	Norwich is in control of the ball.
35	Ball possession: Norwich: 48%, Aston Villa: 52%.
35	A fantastic individual effort by Jacob Ramsey!
34	Ollie Watkins provided the assist for the goal.
34	GOAL! - Jacob Ramsey score from a shot with the left foot, that takes a deflection.
34	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
34	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
34	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
34	The match resumes with a drop ball.
34	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
33	Norwich is trying to create something here.
33	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
32	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
32	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
32	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
31	Jacob Lungi Soerensen sends a header towards goal, but Emiliano Martinez is there to comfortably save it
31	Billy Gilmour swings in a cross from the free kick.
31	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Przemyslaw Placheta
30	Norwich is trying to create something here.
30	Jacob Ramsey comes back onto the field.
30	Ball possession: Norwich: 52%, Aston Villa: 48%.
30	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
30	Poor play by Max Aarons as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
30	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
29	The game is restarted.
29	Jacob Ramsey is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
27	Jacob Ramsey is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
27	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
27	Ozan Kabak clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
27	Matty Cash from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
27	Could be a good chance here as Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
27	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
26	A shot by Ollie Watkins is blocked.
26	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
26	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
25	Ball possession: Norwich: 46%, Aston Villa: 54%.
25	Norwich is in control of the ball.
25	That's a great ball by John McGinn from Aston Villa. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
25	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
24	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
24	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Matty Cash from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
23	Matty Cash from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
23	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
23	Teemu Pukki from Norwich sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
23	Could be a good chance here as Jacob Lungi Soerensen from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
23	Norwich is trying to create something here.
23	Could be a good chance here as Max Aarons from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
22	Norwich is trying to create something here.
22	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Norwich is in control of the ball.
21	Norwich is trying to create something here.
20	The match is very one-sided right now. Aston Villa are clearly dominating possession
20	Ball possession: Norwich: 44%, Aston Villa: 56%.
20	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
20	Matt Targett goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
20	A shot by Jacob Ramsey is blocked.
20	Poor play by Ozan Kabak as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
20	Matty Cash from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
20	Matty Cash from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
20	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
19	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	Billy Gilmour relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
19	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
18	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
18	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
18	Could be a good chance here as Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
18	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
18	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
18	Some neat football here as Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa plays a 1-2 with Douglas Luiz.
18	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
18	Kenny McLean relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
17	Ollie Watkins sees his shot deflected off target
17	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
17	John McGinn sends a long ball upfield.
17	The match is being played at a slow tempo with neither side having the upper hand
17	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
16	Norwich is trying to create something here.
16	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
16	Matty Cash clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
16	A shot by Kenny McLean is blocked.
15	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
15	Norwich is trying to create something here.
15	Ball possession: Norwich: 43%, Aston Villa: 57%.
14	Norwich is in control of the ball.
13	The referee signals a free kick as Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa trips Kenny McLean
13	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
13	Norwich is in control of the ball.
13	Danger averted there as Brandon Williams from Norwich clears the danger with a good tackle
13	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
13	John McGinn of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
13	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
12	Norwich is in control of the ball.
12	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Todd Cantwell from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
12	Poor play by Ollie Watkins as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
12	Billy Gilmour swings in a cross from the free kick.
11	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Brandon Williams
11	Norwich is trying to create something here.
10	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	The referee signals a free kick as Matty Cash from Aston Villa trips Kenny McLean
10	Ball possession: Norwich: 48%, Aston Villa: 52%.
10	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
9	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
9	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa takes a short corner kick from the left.
8	It's a good hit from long range by John McGinn who forces a save from Tim Krul. Corner kick.
8	Jacob Lungi Soerensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
8	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
8	Jacob Lungi Soerensen is penalised for pushing Ashley Young.
7	Billy Gilmour from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
7	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Norwich is in control of the ball.
6	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Norwich is in control of the ball.
5	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
5	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
5	Ball possession: Norwich: 20%, Aston Villa: 80%.
4	Norwich is in control of the ball.
4	Billy Gilmour relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
3	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
3	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
2	Ollie Watkins sends a header towards goal, but Tim Krul is there to comfortably save it
2	Emiliano Buendia puts in a cross...
2	Todd Cantwell relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
1	Brandon Williams clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
1	Matty Cash from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
1	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
1	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Aston Villa kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Carrow Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 24066.
95	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 61%, Everton: 39%.
95	Demarai Gray shoots from outside the box, but Vicente Guaita has it under control
95	Marc Guehi relieves the pressure with a clearance
95	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
95	Ben Godfrey puts in a cross...
94	A contender for goal of the season!
93	GOOOOOAAL! - Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace scores from outside the box with the right foot!
93	Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Seamus Coleman
93	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
93	The referee signals a free kick as Mason Holgate from Everton trips Christian Benteke
92	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Tyrick Mitchell is leaving the field to be replaced by Nathaniel Clyne in a tactical substitution.
90	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 63%, Everton: 37%.
90	Vicente Guaita is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
90	Andre Gomes is penalised for pushing Jordan Ayew.
89	Ben Godfrey from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
88	The referee signals a free kick as Mason Holgate from Everton trips Christian Benteke
88	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Marc Guehi relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Anthony Gordon puts in a cross...
87	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	The referee signals a free kick as Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace trips Anthony Gordon
86	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Vicente Guaita saved a certain goal there! Anthony Gordon found himself in a great scoring position but Vicente Guaita denied him with a great save
86	Anthony Gordon from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
86	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	Great skill from Christian Benteke as he dribbles past his opponents
85	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
85	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 63%, Everton: 37%.
85	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
84	Goal kick for Everton.
83	Seamus Coleman hand-balls.
82	The referee signals a free kick as Joel Ward from Crystal Palace trips Demarai Gray
81	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 63%, Everton: 37%.
80	The referee signals a free kick as Andre Gomes from Everton trips Conor Gallagher
79	The referee signals a free kick as Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace trips Andros Townsend
79	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Ben Godfrey relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the left.
78	Andre Gomes clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
78	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
78	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace takes a short corner kick from the left.
78	Seamus Coleman clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
77	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	Yellow card for Demarai Gray.
76	The referee signals a free kick as Demarai Gray from Everton trips Jordan Ayew
76	Cheikhou Kouyate relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Andros Townsend swings in a cross from the free kick.
76	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 64%, Everton: 36%.
76	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace trips Andros Townsend
75	Cheikhou Kouyate relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Demarai Gray from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
75	Andros Townsend has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
75	A chance opens up as Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
75	A chance opens up as Ben Godfrey from Everton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
75	Joel Ward could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
75	Demarai Gray from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
75	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
74	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Odsonne Edouard is leaving the field to be replaced by Christian Benteke in a tactical substitution.
73	Will Hughes is leaving the field to be replaced by Jeffrey Schlupp in a tactical substitution.
73	Jordan Ayew is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
72	The referee is not having the complaints from Abdoulaye Doucoure who is given a yellow card for dissent
72	The referee signals a free kick as Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton trips Jordan Ayew
72	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Anthony Gordon puts in a cross...
71	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace trips Seamus Coleman
71	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 64%, Everton: 36%.
70	GOAL! It's an easy finish as Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton taps the ball into an open goal with the right foot!
70	A shot by Abdoulaye Doucoure is blocked.
70	Jose Salomon Rondon of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
70	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
69	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
68	Demarai Gray goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
67	The referee signals a free kick as Joel Ward from Crystal Palace trips Demarai Gray
66	The referee signals a free kick as Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton trips Wilfried Zaha
66	Cheikhou Kouyate relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
66	Anthony Gordon from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
65	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 67%, Everton: 33%.
64	A shot by Andre Gomes is blocked.
64	The referee signals a free kick as Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace trips Andre Gomes
64	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
63	Everton with a potentially dangerous attack.
62	Will Hughes provided the assist for the goal.
62	GOOOOOAAL! - James Tomkins scores with the right foot!
62	Will Hughes from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
62	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
61	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
61	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
61	Demarai Gray from Everton takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
60	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 67%, Everton: 33%.
60	The referee signals a free kick as Will Hughes from Crystal Palace trips Demarai Gray
60	The referee signals a free kick as Will Hughes from Crystal Palace trips Andros Townsend
59	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
59	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
59	A player from Everton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
58	Richarlison is leaving the field to be replaced by Jose Salomon Rondon in a tactical substitution.
58	Fabian Delph is leaving the field to be replaced by Anthony Gordon in a tactical substitution.
57	Demarai Gray from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
57	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Ben Godfrey relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	Will Hughes from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
55	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace sends an effort wide of target
55	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace chips the ball into the penalty box.
55	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 69%, Everton: 31%.
55	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
54	Everton is in control of the ball.
53	Everton is in control of the ball.
52	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
52	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
52	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace takes a short corner kick from the left.
52	A shot by Odsonne Edouard is blocked.
52	A chance opens up as Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace successfully finds a team mate in the area...
52	Tyrick Mitchell puts in a cross...
51	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Goal kick for Everton.
50	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 70%, Everton: 30%.
50	Conor Gallagher directs a header agonizingly wide of the post. So nearly a goal!
50	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
49	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
49	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Tyrick Mitchell is penalised for pushing Andros Townsend.
48	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
47	The referee signals a free kick as Cheikhou Kouyate from Crystal Palace trips Fabian Delph
47	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
46	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 69%, Everton: 31%.
47	Everton is in control of the ball.
47	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
47	Demarai Gray swings in a cross from the free kick.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace trips Andre Gomes
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Andre Gomes from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
45	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 76%, Everton: 24%.
45	A shot by Ben Godfrey is blocked.
45	Tyrick Mitchell relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Demarai Gray swings in a cross from the free kick.
44	The referee signals a free kick as Cheikhou Kouyate from Crystal Palace trips Abdoulaye Doucoure
44	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
43	The referee signals a free kick as Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace trips Mason Holgate
42	Safe hands from Vicente Guaita as he comes out and claims the ball
42	A shot by Andre Gomes is blocked.
42	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
41	Jordan Ayew provided the assist for the goal.
41	GOOOOOAAL! - Conor Gallagher scores with the right foot!
41	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
41	Demarai Gray could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
41	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
40	A shot by Odsonne Edouard is blocked.
40	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 78%, Everton: 22%.
40	Seamus Coleman relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Will Hughes from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
39	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
39	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Danger averted there as Ben Godfrey from Everton clears the danger with a good tackle
38	Everton is in control of the ball.
37	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
36	Everton is in control of the ball.
36	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 77%, Everton: 23%.
35	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
33	Andre Gomes volleys a shot on target, but the keeper saves it.
32	Ben Godfrey puts in a cross...
32	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Demarai Gray shoots from outside the box, but Vicente Guaita has it under control
31	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
30	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 77%, Everton: 23%.
30	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
29	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
29	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
28	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
28	Tyrick Mitchell puts in a cross...
28	Andre Gomes relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Will Hughes from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
28	A shot by Marc Guehi is blocked.
28	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
27	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
27	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace chips the ball into the penalty box.
27	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace takes a short corner kick from the left.
26	Richarlison hand-balls.
26	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 75%, Everton: 25%.
25	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
24	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
23	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
23	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
22	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace is ruled offside.
21	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 75%, Everton: 25%.
20	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
19	A shot by Wilfried Zaha is blocked.
19	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
19	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Andre Gomes from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
18	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
17	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
16	Demarai Gray shoots from outside the box, but Vicente Guaita has it under control
16	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 78%, Everton: 22%.
15	Conor Gallagher sends a direct free kick on target, but Jordan Pickford has it under control
14	The referee signals a free kick as Richarlison from Everton trips Will Hughes
14	Seamus Coleman relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace sends a deflected cross into the box.
14	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	Seamus Coleman relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Jordan Ayew puts in a cross...
13	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
12	Wilfried Zaha releases a shot, it's parried by Jordan Pickford but he can't hold onto it...
12	Mason Holgate relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Jordan Ayew puts in a cross...
12	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Everton plays a short goal kick.
11	Conor Gallagher fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
11	Richarlison is penalised for pushing Will Hughes.
11	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
10	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 66%, Everton: 34%.
10	Andre Gomes is penalised for pushing Will Hughes.
9	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
9	Goal kick for Everton.
8	Joel Ward from Crystal Palace crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
8	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Goal kick for Everton.
7	Cheikhou Kouyate fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
7	Jordan Pickford relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	Joel Ward puts in a cross...
7	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Jordan Pickford saved a certain goal there! Jordan Ayew found himself in a great scoring position but Jordan Pickford denied him with a great save
7	CHANCE! Jordan Ayew finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
7	Danger! Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
6	Fabian Delph is penalised for pushing Wilfried Zaha.
6	Mason Holgate relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
6	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace plays a cheeky 1-2 with Odsonne Edouard.
5	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 50%, Everton: 50%.
5	Andre Gomes comes back onto the field.
5	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Andre Gomes is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
4	Andre Gomes is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
4	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
3	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Demarai Gray puts in a cross...
3	Goal kick for Everton.
2	The referee signals a free kick as Fabian Delph from Everton trips Jordan Ayew
1	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
1	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Everton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Selhurst Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Declan Rice from West Ham is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
94	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 18065.
94	Ball possession: Burnley: 41%, West Ham: 59%.
94	Goal kick for Burnley.
93	How did he miss that? Tomas Soucek has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
93	A chance opens up as Declan Rice from West Ham successfully finds a team mate in the area...
93	West Ham is trying to create something here.
93	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Yellow card for Craig Dawson.
92	Craig Dawson is penalised for pushing Nick Pope.
92	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
92	Pablo Fornals puts in a cross...
92	Matej Vydra relieves the pressure with a clearance
92	Pablo Fornals from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
91	Jarrod Bowen forces a good save from Nick Pope who turns the ball behind for a corner!
91	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
91	Vladimir Coufal relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Josh Brownhill puts in a cross...
91	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Burnley: 40%, West Ham: 60%.
90	Goal kick for West Ham.
90	Jay Rodriguez sends a shot inches wide. Close!
90	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
90	Burnley is trying to create something here.
89	The referee signals a free kick as Matthew Lowton from Burnley trips Arthur Masuaku
89	Goal kick for West Ham.
88	Dwight McNeil is leaving the field to be replaced by Aaron Lennon in a tactical substitution.
88	Matthew Lowton from Burnley tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
88	Oh no. From a promising position Matej Vydra from Burnley miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
88	A chance opens up as Dwight McNeil from Burnley successfully finds a team mate in the area...
88	Burnley start a counter attack.
88	Ben Mee relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Jarrod Bowen puts in a cross...
87	Matej Vydra relieves the pressure with a clearance
87	Pablo Fornals from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
87	Josh Brownhill clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
87	Declan Rice from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
87	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Michail Antonio from West Ham sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
86	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Pablo Fornals from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
86	James Tarkowski clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
86	West Ham is trying to create something here.
85	Burnley is in control of the ball.
85	Goal kick for Burnley.
85	Ball possession: Burnley: 40%, West Ham: 60%.
84	Declan Rice from West Ham tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
84	West Ham is trying to create something here.
83	Matej Vydra from Burnley had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
83	Johann Berg Gudmundsson puts in a cross...
83	Burnley is in control of the ball.
82	West Ham is trying to create something here.
82	James Tarkowski hand-balls.
82	West Ham is trying to create something here.
82	Burnley is in control of the ball.
81	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
81	Pablo Fornals puts in a cross...
80	Manuel Lanzini is leaving the field to be replaced by Pablo Fornals in a tactical substitution.
80	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	West Ham is in control of the ball.
80	Ball possession: Burnley: 41%, West Ham: 59%.
79	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Goal kick for West Ham.
79	Dwight McNeil from Burnley crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
79	Burnley is trying to create something here.
78	Michail Antonio is penalised for pushing Ben Mee.
78	Could be a good chance here as Vladimir Coufal from West Ham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
78	West Ham is in control of the ball.
77	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley is ruled offside.
77	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	A shot by Matej Vydra is blocked.
77	Burnley is trying to create something here.
76	Goal kick for West Ham.
76	Dwight McNeil from Burnley takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
75	Vladimir Coufal is penalised for pushing Josh Brownhill.
75	Issa Diop relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
75	Burnley start a counter attack.
75	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
75	Ball possession: Burnley: 40%, West Ham: 60%.
75	West Ham is trying to create something here.
74	James Tarkowski sends a header towards goal, but Lukasz Fabianski is there to comfortably save it
74	Dwight McNeil swings in a cross from the free kick.
74	The referee signals a free kick as Tomas Soucek from West Ham trips Matej Vydra
73	Burnley is in control of the ball.
73	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Declan Rice
72	Burnley is trying to create something here.
71	Goal kick for Burnley.
71	Declan Rice from West Ham makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
71	West Ham is trying to create something here.
71	Goal kick for Burnley.
71	Ashley Westwood is leaving the field to be replaced by Josh Brownhill in a tactical substitution.
70	Said Benrahma is leaving the field to be replaced by Nikola Vlasic in a tactical substitution.
70	Michail Antonio fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
70	A chance opens up as Jarrod Bowen from West Ham successfully finds a team mate in the area...
70	Ball possession: Burnley: 41%, West Ham: 59%.
69	West Ham is trying to create something here.
68	West Ham is in control of the ball.
68	Goal kick for West Ham.
68	That's a great ball by Jack Cork from Burnley. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
67	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Burnley is in control of the ball.
66	Goal kick for Burnley.
66	Ball possession: Burnley: 40%, West Ham: 60%.
65	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Manuel Lanzini puts in a cross...
65	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham takes a short corner kick from the left.
65	Charlie Taylor clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
64	Arthur Masuaku from West Ham sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
64	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
64	Said Benrahma from West Ham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
64	Michail Antonio puts in a cross...
63	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	West Ham is in control of the ball.
62	Goal kick for Burnley.
62	Said Benrahma fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
62	West Ham is trying to create something here.
61	Johann Berg Gudmundsson is penalised for pushing Lukasz Fabianski.
61	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
61	Dwight McNeil from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
60	Ball possession: Burnley: 41%, West Ham: 59%.
60	Burnley is trying to create something here.
60	Goal kick for Burnley.
60	Chris Wood is leaving the field to be replaced by Matej Vydra in a tactical substitution.
60	Michail Antonio fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
59	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
59	Said Benrahma from West Ham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Said Benrahma from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
59	West Ham is trying to create something here.
59	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
59	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
58	Nick Pope clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
58	Declan Rice from West Ham makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	Declan Rice from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
58	West Ham is trying to create something here.
57	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	West Ham is in control of the ball.
57	Goal kick for Burnley.
56	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
56	Nick Pope relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
56	Said Benrahma directs a header goal-bound but it's saved to a corner-kick by Nick Pope!
56	Declan Rice from West Ham successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
56	Declan Rice from West Ham sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
55	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
55	A shot by Manuel Lanzini is blocked.
55	Ben Mee relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
55	Ball possession: Burnley: 44%, West Ham: 56%.
55	West Ham is trying to create something here.
54	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
54	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
54	Michail Antonio from West Ham sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
54	Michail Antonio from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
53	Michail Antonio from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
53	West Ham is trying to create something here.
53	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
53	Matthew Lowton from Burnley crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
53	Arthur Masuaku relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Dwight McNeil swings in a cross from the free kick.
52	The ref blows his whistle. Craig Dawson charged Jay Rodriguez from behind and it's a free-kick
52	Burnley is in control of the ball.
51	Goal kick for Burnley.
51	Jack Cork is penalised for pushing Tomas Soucek.
51	Goal kick for West Ham.
50	Dwight McNeil from Burnley tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
50	Ball possession: Burnley: 43%, West Ham: 57%.
50	Jack Cork from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
50	Craig Dawson relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
49	The referee signals a free kick as Jarrod Bowen from West Ham trips Charlie Taylor
49	Charlie Taylor from Burnley takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
48	Jay Rodriguez from Burnley passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Burnley is trying to create something here.
48	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
48	Said Benrahma puts in a cross...
48	A shot by Tomas Soucek is blocked.
48	Poor play by Ben Mee as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
48	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
47	Said Benrahma sees his shot deflected off target
47	West Ham is trying to create something here.
47	A shot by Charlie Taylor is blocked.
47	Dwight McNeil from Burnley swings in the corner from the right.
46	Jay Rodriguez sees his shot deflected off target
46	Matthew Lowton from Burnley sends a deflected cross into the box.
46	Burnley is trying to create something here.
46	The second half is underway.
49	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Burnley: 42%, West Ham: 58%.
49	Charlie Taylor relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Jarrod Bowen swings in a cross from the free kick.
48	Yellow card for Ben Mee.
48	Reckless challenge there. Ben Mee commits a rough foul on Michail Antonio
47	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	West Ham is in control of the ball.
47	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Ben Mee relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Arthur Masuaku puts in a cross...
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Ben Mee relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Tomas Soucek puts in a cross...
45	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	West Ham is in control of the ball.
45	Ball possession: Burnley: 46%, West Ham: 54%.
45	The referee signals a free kick as Matthew Lowton from Burnley trips Said Benrahma
44	Burnley is trying to create something here.
44	Chris Wood is penalised for pushing Declan Rice.
44	Goal kick for Burnley.
44	A chance presents itself to Tomas Soucek from West Ham but his header goes wide
43	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
43	The game is restarted.
43	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
42	Vladimir Coufal from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
42	West Ham is trying to create something here.
42	Goal kick for West Ham.
41	A chance presents itself to Jay Rodriguez from Burnley but his header goes wide
41	Ashley Westwood puts in a cross...
41	Burnley is trying to create something here.
41	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Burnley is in control of the ball.
40	Ball possession: Burnley: 45%, West Ham: 55%.
40	Lukasz Fabianski relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
39	Lukasz Fabianski clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
39	Dwight McNeil from Burnley swings in the corner from the right.
39	Matthew Lowton from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
38	Burnley is trying to create something here.
38	Charlie Taylor relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
38	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
37	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
37	Charlie Taylor clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
37	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
36	Jarrod Bowen sees his shot deflected off target
36	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	West Ham is trying to create something here.
35	Chris Wood from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
35	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Burnley is in control of the ball.
35	Ball possession: Burnley: 43%, West Ham: 57%.
34	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Goal kick for West Ham.
34	That's a great ball by Matthew Lowton from Burnley. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
34	Burnley is trying to create something here.
33	Yellow card for Charlie Taylor.
33	Reckless challenge there. Charlie Taylor commits a rough foul on Jarrod Bowen
32	West Ham is in control of the ball.
32	The game is restarted.
30	Ball possession: Burnley: 43%, West Ham: 57%.
30	Nick Pope is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
30	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
29	Dangerous challenge by Craig Dawson from West Ham. Nick Pope on the receiving end of that.
29	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
29	Charlie Taylor clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
29	Michail Antonio puts in a cross...
28	West Ham is in control of the ball.
28	The referee signals a free kick as Declan Rice from West Ham trips James Tarkowski
27	Burnley is in control of the ball.
27	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Burnley is trying to create something here.
26	Michail Antonio from West Ham is ruled offside.
26	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
26	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham takes a short corner kick from the right.
26	Issa Diop finds himself in acres of space, but his header is turned behind by the Nick Pope! Corner kick...
26	Jarrod Bowen swings in a cross from the free kick.
25	James Tarkowski is penalised for pushing Michail Antonio.
25	Ball possession: Burnley: 45%, West Ham: 55%.
25	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	West Ham is in control of the ball.
24	Burnley is in control of the ball.
24	Burnley plays a short goal kick.
23	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
23	Burnley is in control of the ball.
22	Said Benrahma from West Ham passes the ball in the box, but Nick Pope comes out to smother the ball.
22	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Charlie Taylor relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
22	West Ham is trying to create something here.
21	Burnley is in control of the ball.
21	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
20	West Ham is trying to create something here.
20	Ball possession: Burnley: 50%, West Ham: 50%.
20	Johann Berg Gudmundsson is penalised for pushing Lukasz Fabianski.
19	Dwight McNeil from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
19	Jarrod Bowen clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
19	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
18	Chris Wood from Burnley had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
18	Matthew Lowton swings in a cross from the free kick.
18	Dangerous challenge by Arthur Masuaku from West Ham. Ashley Westwood on the receiving end of that.
17	Burnley is in control of the ball.
17	Goal kick for Burnley.
16	Manuel Lanzini fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
16	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	West Ham is in control of the ball.
15	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
15	The game is restarted.
15	Ball possession: Burnley: 48%, West Ham: 52%.
14	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
14	Craig Dawson is penalised for pushing Ashley Westwood.
14	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
13	Arthur Masuaku from West Ham sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
13	Arthur Masuaku from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
13	West Ham is trying to create something here.
12	Burnley is trying to create something here.
12	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	West Ham is trying to create something here.
12	Goal kick for Burnley.
11	Arthur Masuaku from West Ham fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
11	Poor play by Charlie Taylor as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
11	A shot by Said Benrahma is blocked.
11	West Ham is trying to create something here.
10	Burnley is in control of the ball.
10	Ball possession: Burnley: 55%, West Ham: 45%.
10	West Ham is trying to create something here.
9	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	The referee signals a free kick as Charlie Taylor from Burnley trips Vladimir Coufal
8	Issa Diop relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Jay Rodriguez puts in a cross...
8	Burnley is trying to create something here.
7	Goal kick for West Ham.
7	A chance presents itself to Chris Wood from Burnley but his header goes wide
7	Dwight McNeil from Burnley swings in the corner from the right.
7	The game is restarted.
6	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
6	Craig Dawson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
6	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
5	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Burnley is trying to create something here.
5	Ball possession: Burnley: 65%, West Ham: 35%.
5	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Jarrod Bowen puts in a cross...
4	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	West Ham is in control of the ball.
3	Goal kick for West Ham.
3	James Tarkowski from Burnley had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
3	Ben Mee swings in a cross from the free kick.
2	Craig Dawson is penalised for pushing Jay Rodriguez.
2	The ref blows his whistle. Jay Rodriguez charged Craig Dawson from behind and it's a free-kick
1	Burnley is in control of the ball.
1	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	West Ham kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Turf Moor, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Today's attendance is 53093.
95	Ball possession: Liverpool: 63%, Aston Villa: 37%.
95	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
94	Fabinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
94	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
94	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
93	How did he miss that? Diogo Jota has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
93	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
93	Liverpool start a counter attack.
93	Emiliano Buendia could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
93	The referee signals a free kick as Fabinho from Liverpool trips Emiliano Buendia
93	Danger! Mohamed Salah from Liverpool successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
93	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
92	Liverpool start a counter attack.
92	Takumi Minamino is penalised for pushing Douglas Luiz.
92	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Matt Targett from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Mohamed Salah
90	Ball possession: Liverpool: 64%, Aston Villa: 36%.
89	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down John McGinn
88	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Sadio Mane is leaving the field to be replaced by Takumi Minamino in a tactical substitution.
87	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	That's a great ball by Morgan Sanson from Aston Villa. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
86	Danny Ings has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
86	Alisson Becker could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
86	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
85	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
85	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
85	John McGinn from Aston Villa sends a deflected cross into the box.
85	Ball possession: Liverpool: 67%, Aston Villa: 33%.
84	The referee signals a free kick as Jordan Henderson from Liverpool trips Douglas Luiz
84	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
84	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
84	Thiago Alcantara is leaving the field to be replaced by James Milner in a tactical substitution.
82	Great defending by Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa to prevent his team conceding a goal.
82	A shot by Sadio Mane is blocked.
82	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
82	Could be a good chance here as Sadio Mane from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
82	Liverpool start a counter attack.
82	Fabinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
82	Poor play by Virgil van Dijk as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
82	John McGinn puts in a cross...
81	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
81	Morgan Sanson from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
80	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Andrew Robertson relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
80	Matty Cash from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
80	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
80	Ball possession: Liverpool: 69%, Aston Villa: 31%.
79	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
79	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Matty Cash from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
78	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa makes a great pass and space opens up...
78	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
78	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
78	How did he miss that? Diogo Jota has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
78	Ezri Konsa could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
77	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
76	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
76	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Ball possession: Liverpool: 69%, Aston Villa: 31%.
75	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Jacob Ramsey is leaving the field to be replaced by Danny Ings in a tactical substitution.
73	Ezri Konsa relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
72	Mohamed Salah sees his shot deflected off target
72	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
72	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Ball possession: Liverpool: 68%, Aston Villa: 32%.
69	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Ashley Young is leaving the field to be replaced by Emiliano Buendia in a tactical substitution.
68	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
68	Morgan Sanson puts in a cross...
67	Liverpool managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
67	GOOOOOAAL! - Mohamed Salah from Liverpool puts it away from the penalty spot with the left foot! Emiliano Martinez was close to denying the opportunity.
65	PENALTY - Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa concedes a penalty for tripping Mohamed Salah.
65	Ball possession: Liverpool: 66%, Aston Villa: 34%.
64	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
64	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
64	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Sadio Mane from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
64	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
63	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
62	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Fabinho
61	Jordan Henderson is penalised for pushing Morgan Sanson.
60	Oh no. From a promising position Diogo Jota from Liverpool miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
60	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
60	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
60	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
60	Liverpool are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
60	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool sends an effort wide of target
60	Sadio Mane of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
60	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
60	Ball possession: Liverpool: 66%, Aston Villa: 34%.
59	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but Emiliano Martinez runs out to collect the ball
59	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
59	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
58	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is leaving the field to be replaced by Diogo Jota in a tactical substitution.
58	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
57	Marvelous Nakamba is leaving the field to be replaced by Morgan Sanson in a tactical substitution.
57	Sadio Mane from Liverpool tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
57	A shot by Trent Alexander-Arnold is blocked.
57	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
56	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
56	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
56	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
56	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
56	Danger averted there as Matt Targett from Aston Villa clears the danger with a good tackle
56	Sadio Mane from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
55	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
55	Ball possession: Liverpool: 65%, Aston Villa: 35%.
54	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
53	A chance presents itself to Joel Matip from Liverpool but his header goes wide
53	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
53	Emiliano Martinez from Aston Villa makes a great save.
53	Virgil van Dijk finds himself in acres of space, but his header is turned behind by the Emiliano Martinez! Corner kick...
53	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
52	Sadio Mane from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
52	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
51	Mohamed Salah goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
51	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
51	A shot by Sadio Mane is blocked.
51	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
51	Sadio Mane of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
50	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Liverpool: 64%, Aston Villa: 36%.
49	John McGinn from Aston Villa commits a foul by elbowing Thiago Alcantara
49	Fabinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
48	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
48	A shot by Douglas Luiz is blocked.
47	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
47	Matty Cash relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Mohamed Salah puts in a cross...
46	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
49	Liverpool had the ball in their control, but couldnt go into the pause with the lead.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Liverpool: 63%, Aston Villa: 37%.
49	Thiago Alcantara relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
48	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
47	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
47	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
47	The match resumes with a drop ball.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Ashley Young is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
45	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
45	Ball possession: Liverpool: 63%, Aston Villa: 37%.
44	Dangerous challenge by Sadio Mane from Liverpool. Ezri Konsa on the receiving end of that.
44	Mohamed Salah releases a shot, it's parried by Emiliano Martinez but he can't hold onto it...
44	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
44	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Ezri Konsa relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
42	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
42	Sadio Mane of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
42	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
41	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	Ashley Young from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
41	Great skill from Ashley Young as he dribbles past his opponents
40	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Ball possession: Liverpool: 62%, Aston Villa: 38%.
40	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
39	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain from Liverpool sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
39	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
39	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
39	Sadio Mane from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
39	Trent Alexander-Arnold of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
38	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
37	Ashley Young relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
37	Sadio Mane from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
37	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
36	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Matt Targett relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
35	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
35	Ball possession: Liverpool: 60%, Aston Villa: 40%.
34	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Sadio Mane from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Matty Cash
33	Thiago Alcantara from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down John McGinn
33	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool takes a short corner kick from the left.
32	Jacob Ramsey clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
32	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
32	Ollie Watkins clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
32	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
31	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
31	The match is very one-sided right now. Liverpool are clearly dominating possession
31	Douglas Luiz relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Sadio Mane from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
31	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Ashley Young from Aston Villa sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
30	Alisson Becker could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
30	Ball possession: Liverpool: 58%, Aston Villa: 42%.
29	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool is ruled offside.
29	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
29	Liverpool start a counter attack.
29	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
28	Fabinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
28	Virgil van Dijk clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
28	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
27	The referee signals a free kick as Sadio Mane from Liverpool trips Matty Cash
27	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
26	Great skill from Andrew Robertson as he dribbles past his opponents
26	Sadio Mane from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
26	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Joel Matip sends a header towards goal, but Emiliano Martinez is there to comfortably save it
25	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
25	A shot by Thiago Alcantara is blocked.
25	Poor play by Ashley Young as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
25	Trent Alexander-Arnold swings in a cross from the free kick.
25	Ball possession: Liverpool: 55%, Aston Villa: 45%.
24	Ollie Watkins commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
24	The ref blows his whistle. Ollie Watkins charged Fabinho from behind and it's a free-kick
23	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Thiago Alcantara
23	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
23	Fabinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
23	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jacob Ramsey
21	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	The game is restarted.
21	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
20	Ball possession: Liverpool: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
20	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
20	Ashley Young from Aston Villa tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
20	Ollie Watkins of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
20	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
19	The referee runs back to show Marvelous Nakamba from Aston Villa a yellow card for the previous foul.
19	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
19	Marvelous Nakamba from Aston Villa concedes a foul on Jordan Henderson but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
19	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
18	Some neat football here as Sadio Mane from Liverpool plays a 1-2 with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.
18	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Sadio Mane from Liverpool had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
17	Andrew Robertson of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
17	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
16	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool has a deflected header on target saved by the keeper.
16	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
16	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Sadio Mane from Liverpool is ruled offside.
15	Ball possession: Liverpool: 57%, Aston Villa: 43%.
15	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	Goal kick for Liverpool.
14	Douglas Luiz goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
13	Yellow card for Virgil van Dijk.
13	Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ollie Watkins
12	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
12	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain heads the ball back across goal...
11	Joel Matip from Liverpool heads the ball to a team mate.
11	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
11	Trent Alexander-Arnold has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
11	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
10	Ball possession: Liverpool: 44%, Aston Villa: 56%.
10	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	The pitch is wet and slippery and it is not helping the players.
9	There is heavy rain falling on the pitch.
8	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
8	Sadio Mane from Liverpool tries to play a nice 1-2 with a team mate, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
8	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
7	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Joel Matip from Liverpool tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
7	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
6	Sadio Mane from Liverpool heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
6	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
6	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
6	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
6	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
5	Ball possession: Liverpool: 38%, Aston Villa: 62%.
4	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	The referee signals a free kick as Fabinho from Liverpool trips Jacob Ramsey
3	Thiago Alcantara from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
2	Matty Cash relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
2	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
1	The referee signals a free kick as Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool trips Jacob Ramsey
1	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
1	Aston Villa kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Anfield, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Manchester City with a deserved victory after a fine display
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Today's attendance is 52613.
95	Ball possession: Manchester City: 72%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 28%.
94	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
94	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
94	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
94	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Max Kilman sends a header towards goal, but Ederson Moraes is there to comfortably save it
92	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
92	Max Kilman finds himself in acres of space, but his header is turned behind by the Ederson Moraes! Corner kick...
92	Daniel Podence puts in a cross...
92	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
91	Great defending by Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers to prevent his team conceding a goal.
91	Phil Foden has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
91	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box.
91	Joao Cancelo of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
91	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Manchester City: 73%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 27%.
89	Raheem Sterling shoots from outside the box, but Jose Sa has it under control
89	Trincao could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
89	Phil Foden releases a shot, it's parried by Jose Sa but he can't hold onto it...
89	Oleksandr Zinchenko of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
88	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
87	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Wolverhampton Wanderers with an attacking substitution here.
87	Leander Dendoncker is leaving the field to be replaced by Daniel Podence in a tactical substitution.
86	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
85	Ball possession: Manchester City: 73%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 27%.
84	The referee signals a free kick as Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City trips Nelson Semedo
84	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
83	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
83	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
83	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
83	Manchester City start a counter attack.
82	Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
82	Wolverhampton Wanderers with an attacking substitution here.
82	Ruben Neves is leaving the field to be replaced by Trincao in a tactical substitution.
81	Yellow card for Joao Cancelo.
81	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Hee-Chan Hwang
81	Rodri sends a header towards goal, but Jose Sa is there to comfortably save it
81	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
81	Should have been a goal! Gabriel Jesus gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Jose Sa!
80	Could be a good chance here as Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
80	Ball possession: Manchester City: 73%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 27%.
80	Obstruction as Rodri cuts off the run of Rayan Ait Nouri. A free-kick is awarded.
79	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	The referee runs back to show Leander Dendoncker from Wolverhampton Wanderers a yellow card for the previous foul.
78	Phil Foden from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
78	Leander Dendoncker from Wolverhampton Wanderers concedes a foul on Rodri but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
77	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	The match is very one-sided right now. Manchester City are clearly dominating possession
76	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
75	Ball possession: Manchester City: 72%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 28%.
75	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City is ruled offside.
75	Could be a good chance here as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
75	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Jack Grealish is leaving the field to be replaced by Kevin De Bruyne in a tactical substitution.
73	Jose Sa comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
73	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
73	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
73	Romain Saiss clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
72	Oleksandr Zinchenko puts in a cross...
72	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
72	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
72	Jose Sa saved a certain goal there! Bernardo Silva found himself in a great scoring position but Jose Sa denied him with a great save
72	A shot by Jack Grealish is blocked.
72	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box.
72	Jack Grealish from Manchester City tries to play a 1-2 with Oleksandr Zinchenko, but the ball is intercepted.
71	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
70	How did he miss that? Jack Grealish has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
70	Raheem Sterling puts in a cross...
70	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
70	Ball possession: Manchester City: 71%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 29%.
69	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
68	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
67	Adama Traore is leaving the field to be replaced by Hee-Chan Hwang in a tactical substitution.
67	Manchester City managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
66	Ball possession: Manchester City: 71%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 29%.
66	GOOOOOAAL! - Raheem Sterling from Manchester City puts it away from the penalty spot in the middle with the right foot. Jose Sa jumped on the left.
65	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - penalty for Manchester City!
64	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
64	PENALTY! - Joao Moutinho handles the ball in the penalty box! Heavy protests from Joao Moutinho but the ref is uninterested.
63	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
63	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
63	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
63	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
62	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	A shot by Joao Cancelo is blocked.
60	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
60	Ball possession: Manchester City: 70%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 30%.
60	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
60	Some neat football here as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City plays a 1-2 with Joao Cancelo.
59	Bernardo Silva sends a header towards goal, but Jose Sa is there to comfortably save it
59	Oleksandr Zinchenko puts in a cross...
59	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Raheem Sterling of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
58	Oleksandr Zinchenko shoots from outside the box, but Jose Sa has it under control
58	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Gabriel Jesus fouls Leander Dendoncker.
56	Ilkay Gundogan is leaving the field to be replaced by Phil Foden in a tactical substitution.
56	Gabriel Jesus fouls Romain Saiss.
55	Great defending by Conor Coady from Wolverhampton Wanderers to prevent his team conceding a goal.
55	Ilkay Gundogan has a great chance to score, but his header is somehow cleared off the line!
55	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
55	Jack Grealish from Manchester City sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
55	Ball possession: Manchester City: 70%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 30%.
54	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
54	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
53	Great skill from Raheem Sterling as he dribbles past his opponents
53	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
53	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
53	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
52	Manchester City are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
52	Jack Grealish from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
52	Raheem Sterling of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
51	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
51	Leander Dendoncker clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
51	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
51	Jack Grealish from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
51	Ball possession: Manchester City: 69%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 31%.
50	The home team are really starting to put pressure the opposition now.
50	Rayan Ait Nouri clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
50	A shot by Rodri is blocked.
50	Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
50	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
49	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
49	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Nelson Semedo relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
49	Aymeric Laporte sees his shot deflected off target
49	Gabriel Jesus of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
49	Rodri from Manchester City heads the ball to a team mate.
49	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
48	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
48	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City chips the ball into the penalty box.
47	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Raheem Sterling puts in a cross...
47	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
47	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
47	Could be a good chance here as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
46	Jack Grealish from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
46	Gabriel Jesus sees his shot deflected off target
46	Poor play by Conor Coady as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
46	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
46	The second half is underway.
53	It's over! The referee blows for half time
53	Ball possession: Manchester City: 67%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 33%.
52	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
52	Jack Grealish from Manchester City sends a deflected cross into the box.
52	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
51	Ilkay Gundogan goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
50	Bernardo Silva of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
50	Oleksandr Zinchenko puts in a cross...
50	Rayan Ait Nouri relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Ilkay Gundogan puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Manchester City: 64%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 36%.
49	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
48	The referee is not having the complaints from Ruben Neves who is given a yellow card for dissent
47	RED-CARD! There is drama here as Raul Jimenez receives his second yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct and is sent off!
46	Yellow card for Raul Jimenez.
46	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Rodri
46	The fourth official shows there are 7 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Gabriel Jesus hand-balls.
45	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
45	Ball possession: Manchester City: 66%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 34%.
45	Raul Jimenez relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Jack Grealish from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
44	Conor Coady clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
44	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City sends a deflected cross into the box.
43	Yellow card for Rodri.
43	The referee signals a free kick as Rodri from Manchester City trips Adama Traore
43	Rodri from Manchester City tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Raul Jimenez relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	Ilkay Gundogan swings in a cross from the free kick.
42	Conor Coady is penalised for pushing Jack Grealish.
42	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
40	After a tactical foul, Ruben Dias sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
40	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Dias from Manchester City trips Adama Traore
40	Ball possession: Manchester City: 65%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 35%.
39	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
39	Romain Saiss comes back onto the field.
39	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
39	Aymeric Laporte from Manchester City heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
39	Jack Grealish from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
39	The game is restarted.
38	Romain Saiss is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
37	Romain Saiss is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
37	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
36	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
36	Could be a good chance here as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
36	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Manchester City: 64%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 36%.
35	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Gabriel Jesus hand-balls.
34	The match resumes with a drop ball.
30	Ball possession: Manchester City: 62%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 38%.
29	Ruben Neves is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
29	Max Kilman is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
29	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
28	Raheem Sterling is penalised for pushing Adama Traore.
28	Jose Sa relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
27	Ruben Neves clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
27	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
26	Danger averted there as Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers clears the danger with a good tackle
26	Manchester City start a counter attack.
26	Ilkay Gundogan relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers sends a deflected cross into the box.
25	The referee signals a free kick as Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City trips Adama Traore
25	Ball possession: Manchester City: 65%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 35%.
25	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
25	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
24	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
24	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
24	Rayan Ait Nouri swings in a cross from the free kick.
23	Ilkay Gundogan is penalised for pushing Raul Jimenez.
23	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Joao Cancelo shoots from outside the box, but Jose Sa has it under control
22	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
22	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Oleksandr Zinchenko puts in a cross...
21	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Ball possession: Manchester City: 69%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 31%.
20	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	The game is restarted.
20	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
19	Danger averted there as Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers clears the danger with a good tackle
19	Max Kilman could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
18	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
17	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
16	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
16	That's a great ball by Bernardo Silva from Manchester City. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
16	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
15	Oh no. From a promising position Jack Grealish from Manchester City miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
15	Raheem Sterling puts in a cross...
15	Ball possession: Manchester City: 70%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 30%.
14	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
12	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Adama Traore is penalised for pushing Rodri.
12	Leander Dendoncker relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
11	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
10	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Ball possession: Manchester City: 67%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 33%.
10	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
10	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
10	Joao Cancelo of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
9	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
8	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
7	Joao Cancelo fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
7	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
7	The referee signals a free kick as Leander Dendoncker from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Jack Grealish
7	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
6	Ruben Neves puts in a cross...
6	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to play a 1-2 with Leander Dendoncker, but the ball is intercepted.
5	Ball possession: Manchester City: 61%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 39%.
5	Nelson Semedo relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
4	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
4	Bernardo Silva of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
4	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
4	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
3	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Good effort by Raheem Sterling as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
3	Joao Cancelo of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
2	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
1	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	It's a cold day for playing football.
1	Wolverhampton Wanderers kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Etihad Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
98	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
98	Brentford with a deserved victory after a fine display
98	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
98	Today's attendance is 16861.
98	Ball possession: Brentford: 65%, Watford: 35%.
97	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
97	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
96	Brentford managed to score the decisive goal in the dying minutes of the game!
95	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford puts it away from the penalty spot with the left foot! Daniel Bachmann chose the wrong side.
95	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - penalty for Brentford!
94	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
94	PENALTY - William Troost-Ekong from Watford concedes a penalty for tripping Saman Ghoddos.
94	Could be a good chance here as Christian Noergaard from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
94	Christian Noergaard from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
93	Goal kick for Watford.
93	Saman Ghoddos from Brentford takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
92	Kiko is penalised for pushing Bryan Mbeumo.
92	Could be a good chance here as Frank Onyeka from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
92	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	Emmanuel Dennis is leaving the field to be replaced by Ozan Tufan in a tactical substitution.
91	After a tactical foul, Frank Onyeka sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
91	Frank Onyeka from Brentford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Juraj Kucka
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Brentford: 65%, Watford: 35%.
90	Joshua King relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
89	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Joao Pedro relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Poor play by Moussa Sissoko as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
89	Saman Ghoddos from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
89	Vitaly Janelt sees his shot deflected off target
89	Poor play by Emmanuel Dennis as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
88	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
88	The game is restarted.
88	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
87	The referee signals a free kick as Juraj Kucka from Watford trips Marcus Forss
87	The game is restarted.
86	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Brentford stands.
86	Daniel Bachmann is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
85	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
84	With that goal, Brentford equalised. Game on!
84	Marcus Forss provided the assist for the goal.
84	GOOOOOAAL! - Pontus Jansson from Brentford heads the ball home!
84	Marcus Forss from Brentford heads the ball to a team mate.
84	Vitaly Janelt puts in a cross...
84	Joshua King relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
84	Frank Onyeka sees his shot deflected off target
84	Vitaly Janelt of Brentford passes the ball to a team mate.
83	Saman Ghoddos from Brentford sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
83	Could be a good chance here as Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
83	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
83	Brentford is trying to create something here.
83	Dangerous challenge by Joao Pedro from Watford. Saman Ghoddos on the receiving end of that.
82	Brentford is in control of the ball.
82	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Charlie Goode from Brentford receives a yellow card after a dangerous challenge on an opponent player.
81	The referee signals a free kick as Charlie Goode from Brentford trips Joshua King
81	Mads Roerslev from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
80	Brentford is trying to create something here.
80	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Ball possession: Brentford: 64%, Watford: 36%.
80	Brentford is in control of the ball.
79	Saman Ghoddos from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
79	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
79	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Goal kick for Watford.
78	Brentford is trying to create something here.
78	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
77	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
77	Rico Henry is leaving the field to be replaced by Frank Onyeka in a tactical substitution.
77	Juan Hernandez is leaving the field to be replaced by Ken Sema in a tactical substitution.
76	Moussa Sissoko relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Poor play by Juraj Kucka as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
76	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
75	Mads Roerslev from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
75	Brentford is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: Brentford: 63%, Watford: 37%.
75	Joshua King has a great chance to score, but Alvaro Fernandez comes out strongly to save!
75	Could be a good chance here as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
75	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
75	Watford start a counter attack.
75	Vitaly Janelt releases a shot, it's parried by Daniel Bachmann but he can't hold onto it...
74	Could be a good chance here as Christian Noergaard from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
74	Brentford is trying to create something here.
74	Christian Noergaard from Brentford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
74	Vitaly Janelt of Brentford passes the ball to a team mate.
74	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
74	Moussa Sissoko relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Vitaly Janelt swings in a cross from the free kick.
73	Joshua King is penalised for pushing Mads Roerslev.
73	Brentford is trying to create something here.
72	Watford is trying to create something here.
72	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
72	Juan Hernandez goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
70	Yellow card for Pontus Jansson.
70	Pontus Jansson from Brentford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Moussa Sissoko
70	Watford start a counter attack.
70	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
70	Brentford is trying to create something here.
70	Ball possession: Brentford: 64%, Watford: 36%.
70	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Watford is trying to create something here.
69	Mathias Jensen is leaving the field to be replaced by Saman Ghoddos in a tactical substitution.
69	Yoane Wissa is leaving the field to be replaced by Marcus Forss in a tactical substitution.
68	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford receives a yellow card after a dangerous challenge on an opponent player.
68	Dangerous challenge by Vitaly Janelt from Brentford. Juan Hernandez on the receiving end of that.
68	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
68	Brentford with a potentially dangerous attack.
67	Mads Roerslev puts in a cross...
67	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
67	Great defending by William Troost-Ekong from Watford to prevent his team conceding a goal.
67	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	Brentford is trying to create something here.
66	Yoane Wissa from Brentford sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
66	Could be a good chance here as Vitaly Janelt from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
66	Brentford is trying to create something here.
65	Ball possession: Brentford: 62%, Watford: 38%.
65	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
65	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
64	Brentford is in control of the ball.
63	Brentford is in control of the ball.
63	Pontus Jansson from Brentford is ruled offside.
62	Mads Roerslev puts in a cross...
62	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Brentford is in control of the ball.
62	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	Emmanuel Dennis relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
61	Juan Hernandez clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
61	Rico Henry has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
60	Poor play by William Troost-Ekong as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
60	Mads Roerslev puts in a cross...
60	Ball possession: Brentford: 61%, Watford: 39%.
60	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
59	The match is very one-sided right now. Brentford are clearly dominating possession
59	Brentford is trying to create something here.
59	Rico Henry from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
59	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Brentford is trying to create something here.
58	Jeremy Ngakia relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Yoane Wissa puts in a cross...
58	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Tom Cleverley is leaving the field to be replaced by Joao Pedro in a tactical substitution.
57	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Brentford is in control of the ball.
56	The game is restarted.
56	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
56	The referee signals a free kick as Tom Cleverley from Watford trips Mads Roerslev
55	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	The game is restarted.
55	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
55	Ball possession: Brentford: 60%, Watford: 40%.
54	The referee signals a free kick as Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford trips Juraj Kucka
54	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Watford is in control of the ball.
54	Great vision by Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
53	Tom Cleverley swings in a cross from the free kick.
53	Yoane Wissa is penalised for pushing Juraj Kucka.
53	Juraj Kucka from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
53	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	Juan Hernandez from Watford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
52	The referee signals a free kick as Mathias Jensen from Brentford trips Moussa Sissoko
52	Rico Henry from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
51	Brentford is in control of the ball.
51	Brentford is in control of the ball.
50	Watford is in control of the ball.
50	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Ball possession: Brentford: 60%, Watford: 40%.
50	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Brentford is trying to create something here.
49	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Watford is in control of the ball.
48	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Kiko relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Mads Roerslev puts in a cross...
47	Brentford is trying to create something here.
47	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Brentford is in control of the ball.
46	Brentford is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
47	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Brentford: 59%, Watford: 41%.
46	Dangerous challenge by Emmanuel Dennis from Watford. Vitaly Janelt on the receiving end of that.
46	Joshua King puts in a cross...
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Brentford is in control of the ball.
46	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Mads Roerslev from Brentford passes the ball in the box, but Daniel Bachmann comes out to smother the ball.
45	Mads Roerslev from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
45	Could be a good chance here as Shandon Baptiste from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
45	Ball possession: Brentford: 60%, Watford: 40%.
44	Brentford is in control of the ball.
44	Brentford is in control of the ball.
44	Moussa Sissoko is penalised for pushing Shandon Baptiste.
44	The referee signals a free kick as Moussa Sissoko from Watford trips Mads Roerslev
43	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Goal kick for Watford.
42	What a miss! Charlie Goode has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
42	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
42	Juan Hernandez clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
42	Brentford with a potentially dangerous attack.
42	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
41	Kiko clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
41	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
41	Brentford start a counter attack.
41	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Ball possession: Brentford: 60%, Watford: 40%.
39	Mathias Jensen is penalised for pushing Juan Hernandez.
39	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Emmanuel Dennis comes back onto the field.
38	Brentford is in control of the ball.
38	The game is restarted.
38	Emmanuel Dennis is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
37	Emmanuel Dennis is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
36	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
36	The referee signals a free kick as Joshua King from Watford trips Charlie Goode
36	Goal kick for Brentford.
36	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
36	Moussa Sissoko puts in a cross...
36	Watford start a counter attack.
36	Charlie Goode from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
35	Mathias Jensen swings in a cross from the free kick.
35	Ball possession: Brentford: 60%, Watford: 40%.
35	Emmanuel Dennis is penalised for pushing Vitaly Janelt.
34	Brentford is in control of the ball.
34	Tom Cleverley relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Mathias Jensen swings in a cross from the free kick.
33	The referee signals a free kick as Jeremy Ngakia from Watford trips Yoane Wissa
33	Dangerous challenge by William Troost-Ekong from Watford. Pontus Jansson on the receiving end of that.
32	Tom Cleverley swings in a cross from the free kick.
32	Pontus Jansson is penalised for pushing Joshua King.
32	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Emmanuel Dennis is penalised for pushing Charlie Goode.
30	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Ball possession: Brentford: 57%, Watford: 43%.
30	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
29	Kiko from Watford crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
29	Watford is trying to create something here.
29	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
29	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
29	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
28	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Mathias Jensen swings in a cross from the free kick.
27	The referee signals a free kick as William Troost-Ekong from Watford trips Yoane Wissa
27	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Goal kick for Watford.
26	Charlie Goode from Brentford fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
26	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
25	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Brentford: 57%, Watford: 43%.
25	Watford managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
24	Tom Cleverley provided the assist for the goal.
24	GOOOOOAAL! - Emmanuel Dennis from Watford heads the ball home!
24	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
24	Vitaly Janelt clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
24	Close! Joshua King with a great hit from long range that bounces off the post!
24	Watford is trying to create something here.
23	Watford is in control of the ball.
23	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
23	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Moussa Sissoko relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
22	It's a good hit from long range by Bryan Mbeumo who forces a save from Daniel Bachmann. Corner kick.
22	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
22	Brentford start a counter attack.
21	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Juan Hernandez from Watford heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
21	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
21	Pontus Jansson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
20	Jeremy Ngakia puts in a cross...
20	Watford is trying to create something here.
20	Watford with a potentially dangerous attack.
20	Juan Hernandez puts in a cross...
20	Watford start a counter attack.
20	Yoane Wissa from Brentford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
20	Could be a good chance here as Shandon Baptiste from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
20	Ball possession: Brentford: 61%, Watford: 39%.
20	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	The referee signals a free kick as Juan Hernandez from Watford trips Vitaly Janelt
19	Goal kick for Watford.
18	That's a great ball by Mathias Jensen from Brentford. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
18	Brentford is trying to create something here.
18	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
17	Watford is trying to create something here.
17	The referee signals a free kick as Mathias Jensen from Brentford trips Tom Cleverley
17	Goal kick for Watford.
15	Dangerous challenge by Juan Hernandez from Watford. Christian Noergaard on the receiving end of that.
15	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Brentford: 61%, Watford: 39%.
15	Brentford is trying to create something here.
14	A shot by Rico Henry is blocked.
14	Brentford is trying to create something here.
14	The referee signals a free kick as Juan Hernandez from Watford trips Mathias Jensen
13	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford passes the ball in the box, but Daniel Bachmann comes out to smother the ball.
12	Could be a good chance here as Mathias Jensen from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
12	Brentford is in control of the ball.
11	Safe hands from Daniel Bachmann as he comes out and claims the ball
11	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
11	Brentford is trying to create something here.
10	The referee signals a free kick as Christian Noergaard from Brentford trips Juan Hernandez
10	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Ball possession: Brentford: 58%, Watford: 42%.
10	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	Mads Roerslev from Brentford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Emmanuel Dennis
8	Brentford is in control of the ball.
8	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
8	Jeremy Ngakia puts in a cross...
8	Watford is trying to create something here.
8	Goal kick for Watford.
7	Pontus Jansson from Brentford heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
7	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
7	Great defending by Craig Cathcart from Watford to prevent his team conceding a goal.
7	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	Could be a good chance here as Shandon Baptiste from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
7	Shandon Baptiste from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
7	Brentford start a counter attack.
7	Watford is in control of the ball.
6	Brentford is in control of the ball.
6	Watford is in control of the ball.
5	Ball possession: Brentford: 61%, Watford: 39%.
5	Brentford is in control of the ball.
5	Joshua King relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
4	Kiko clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
4	Vitaly Janelt puts in a cross...
4	Mathias Jensen from Brentford takes a short corner kick from the right.
3	Should have been a goal! Shandon Baptiste gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Daniel Bachmann!
3	Charlie Goode from Brentford sends a deflected cross into the box.
3	Brentford is trying to create something here.
3	Watford is trying to create something here.
2	Brentford is in control of the ball.
2	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Watford kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Brentford Community Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
98	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
98	Today's attendance is 38906.
98	Ball possession: Everton: 36%, Arsenal: 64%.
98	How did he miss that? Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
98	Danger! Edward Nketiah from Arsenal successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
98	Edward Nketiah from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
97	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
97	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
96	Aaron Ramsdale saved a certain goal there! Alex Iwobi found himself in a great scoring position but Aaron Ramsdale denied him with a great save
96	Danger! Richarlison from Everton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
96	Everton start a counter attack.
96	Mason Holgate relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Martin Oedegaard puts in a cross...
95	Ball possession: Everton: 36%, Arsenal: 64%.
95	The referee signals a free kick as Thomas Partey from Arsenal trips Richarlison
94	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Demarai Gray from Everton is very pleased with the goal and can't stop celebrating. The referee sees no other way than to book him.
92	A fantastic individual effort by Demarai Gray!
92	Andre Gomes provided the assist for the goal.
92	GOOOOOAAL! - Demarai Gray from Everton beats the keeper from outside the box with the right foot!
92	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
92	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
92	Ben White puts in a cross...
91	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	Martin Oedegaard has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
91	Danger! Edward Nketiah from Arsenal successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
91	The fourth official shows there are 6 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Everton: 36%, Arsenal: 64%.
90	Good effort by Abdoulaye Doucoure as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
89	Goal kick for Everton.
89	Everton is in control of the ball.
88	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
88	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Anthony Gordon is leaving the field to be replaced by Alex Iwobi in a tactical substitution.
86	Dangerous challenge by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal. Mason Holgate on the receiving end of that.
86	A shot from Bukayo Saka takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
86	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
85	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
85	Alexandre Lacazette is leaving the field to be replaced by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang in a tactical substitution.
85	Ball possession: Everton: 37%, Arsenal: 63%.
84	CHANCE! That really should have been a goal. Edward Nketiah wastes a huge chance as his header hits the post!
84	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
84	Edward Nketiah from Arsenal had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
83	Richarlison from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
83	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Martin Oedegaard has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
82	Edward Nketiah from Arsenal successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
82	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
82	Allan puts in a cross...
82	Great skill from Allan as he dribbles past his opponents
81	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	Ball possession: Everton: 36%, Arsenal: 64%.
81	Andre Gomes from Everton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
81	Great skill from Andre Gomes as he dribbles past his opponents
79	GOOOOOAAL! - Richarlison from Everton heads home the loose ball
79	Demarai Gray from Everton sees his effort hit the crossbar after the keeper parries the ball.
79	A shot by Andre Gomes is blocked.
79	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Edward Nketiah is penalised for pushing Mason Holgate.
79	Goal kick for Arsenal.
78	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Demarai Gray from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
78	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
77	Anthony Gordon puts in a cross...
77	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
76	Everton is trying to create something here.
76	The referee signals a free kick as Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal trips Allan
75	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Ball possession: Everton: 35%, Arsenal: 65%.
74	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal receives a yellow card for time wasting.
74	The referee signals a free kick as Andre Gomes from Everton trips Bukayo Saka
74	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Everton is in control of the ball.
72	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Gabriel
71	The match resumes with a drop ball.
71	Gabriel Martinelli is injured and is replaced by Edward Nketiah.
70	Gabriel Martinelli is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
70	Ball possession: Everton: 35%, Arsenal: 65%.
69	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
69	The referee signals a free kick as Andre Gomes from Everton trips Gabriel Martinelli
68	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
68	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Anthony Gordon from Everton is ruled offside.
67	Michael Keane from Everton heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
67	Demarai Gray from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
67	Granit Xhaka clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
66	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Andros Townsend is leaving the field to be replaced by Andre Gomes in a tactical substitution.
65	Kieran Tierney is leaving the field to be replaced by Nuno Tavares in a tactical substitution.
65	Ball possession: Everton: 35%, Arsenal: 65%.
65	The referee signals a free kick as Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal trips Demarai Gray
65	Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
65	A chance opens up as Bukayo Saka from Arsenal successfully finds a team mate in the area...
65	Martin Oedegaard puts in a cross...
64	Goal kick for Arsenal.
64	Andros Townsend swings in a cross from the free kick.
63	Yellow card for Granit Xhaka.
63	The referee signals a free kick as Granit Xhaka from Arsenal trips Anthony Gordon
63	Mason Holgate relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Bukayo Saka puts in a cross...
62	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
62	Alexandre Lacazette is penalised for pushing Andros Townsend.
61	Goal kick for Everton.
61	A lob by Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal goes wide.
61	CHANCE! Gabriel Martinelli finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
61	Martin Oedegaard carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
60	Ball possession: Everton: 36%, Arsenal: 64%.
60	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
59	Richarlison from Everton is ruled offside.
59	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for Everton is revoked due to offside.
58	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
58	GOOOOOAAL!! Everton score! Richarlison is on the scoresheet.
58	Danger! Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
57	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
57	Everton start a counter attack.
57	Granit Xhaka from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
56	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Ball possession: Everton: 38%, Arsenal: 62%.
55	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Kieran Tierney from Arsenal crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
55	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Takehiro Tomiyasu puts in a cross...
55	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
54	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Thomas Partey relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Demarai Gray puts in a cross...
53	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	Gabriel sends a header towards goal, but Jordan Pickford is there to comfortably save it
53	Martin Oedegaard swings in a cross from the free kick.
52	The referee signals a free kick as Richarlison from Everton trips Bukayo Saka
52	Mason Holgate relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Martin Oedegaard swings in a cross from the free kick.
51	Yellow card for Ben Godfrey.
51	Reckless challenge there. Ben Godfrey commits a rough foul on Bukayo Saka
50	Ball possession: Everton: 39%, Arsenal: 61%.
50	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
49	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Allan from Everton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Granit Xhaka
48	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
48	Demarai Gray puts in a cross...
48	Kieran Tierney relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Demarai Gray from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
48	Demarai Gray comes back onto the field.
48	Aaron Ramsdale clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
48	Anthony Gordon puts in a cross...
47	Demarai Gray is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
47	Demarai Gray is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Thomas Partey from Arsenal trips Andros Townsend
46	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Everton: 38%, Arsenal: 62%.
49	Everton is in control of the ball.
47	Kieran Tierney provided the assist for the goal.
47	GOOOOOAAL! - Martin Oedegaard volleys the ball into the back of the net with the left. A great finish!
47	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
47	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Mason Holgate relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Takehiro Tomiyasu puts in a cross...
46	Andros Townsend from Everton is ruled offside.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Seamus Coleman relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Takehiro Tomiyasu puts in a cross...
45	Richarlison from Everton is ruled offside.
45	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for Everton is revoked due to offside.
45	Ball possession: Everton: 40%, Arsenal: 60%.
44	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
44	GOOOOOAAL!! Everton score! Richarlison is on the scoresheet.
44	Andros Townsend swings in a cross from the free kick.
43	Gabriel from Arsenal goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Richarlison
43	Goal kick for Everton.
42	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
41	Richarlison from Everton is ruled offside.
40	Ball possession: Everton: 39%, Arsenal: 61%.
40	Alexandre Lacazette is penalised for pushing Jordan Pickford.
40	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
40	Richarlison clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
40	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
39	Kieran Tierney from Arsenal tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
39	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
39	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	The referee signals a free kick as Gabriel from Arsenal trips Andros Townsend
38	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	The referee signals a free kick as Thomas Partey from Arsenal trips Demarai Gray
37	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	The referee signals a free kick as Ben Godfrey from Everton trips Bukayo Saka
36	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	A shot by Anthony Gordon is blocked.
36	Poor play by Takehiro Tomiyasu as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
36	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
36	Richarlison from Everton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
35	Poor play by Ben White as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
35	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
35	Ball possession: Everton: 38%, Arsenal: 62%.
35	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
34	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
33	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
33	Bukayo Saka puts in a cross...
32	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Allan relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
32	Kieran Tierney from Arsenal tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
31	The game is restarted.
31	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
31	Yerry Mina is injured and is replaced by Mason Holgate.
30	Yerry Mina is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
30	Ball possession: Everton: 37%, Arsenal: 63%.
29	VAR - CARD ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential card situation.
29	Kieran Tierney from Arsenal is ruled offside.
28	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
28	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
28	Demarai Gray from Everton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
27	Demarai Gray from Everton takes a short corner kick from the right.
27	A shot by Richarlison is blocked.
26	Takehiro Tomiyasu relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Ben Godfrey puts in a cross...
26	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
26	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton sends an effort wide of target
26	Danger! Richarlison from Everton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
26	Gabriel could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
25	Ball possession: Everton: 35%, Arsenal: 65%.
25	Ben Godfrey from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
24	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Bukayo Saka is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
21	Reckless challenge there. Ben Godfrey commits a rough foul on Bukayo Saka
21	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Everton: 42%, Arsenal: 58%.
20	Everton is in control of the ball.
19	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	Everton plays a short goal kick.
18	Thomas Partey fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
18	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
17	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
17	There is heavy rain falling on the pitch.
16	Thomas Partey from Arsenal concedes a foul on Demarai Gray but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
15	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Goal kick for Arsenal.
15	Ball possession: Everton: 42%, Arsenal: 58%.
15	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Everton is trying to create something here.
13	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
13	Demarai Gray fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
13	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
13	Everton with a potentially dangerous attack.
12	Everton is in control of the ball.
11	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
10	Ball possession: Everton: 43%, Arsenal: 57%.
10	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
9	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
9	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Goal kick for Everton.
7	The game is stopped.
6	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
6	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
5	Ball possession: Everton: 50%, Arsenal: 50%.
5	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
4	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
3	Ben Godfrey from Everton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
3	Ben Godfrey from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
3	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Everton is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	It's a cold day for playing football.
1	Arsenal kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Goodison Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Today's attendance is 41572.
95	Both teams could have won today but Aston Villa just managed to carve out the victory
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 40%, Leicester: 60%.
95	Obstruction as Kelechi Iheanacho cuts off the run of Carney Chukwuemeka. A free-kick is awarded.
95	Ezri Konsa relieves the pressure with a clearance
95	Kasper Schmeichel swings in a cross from the free kick.
94	The referee signals a free kick as Marvelous Nakamba from Aston Villa trips Wilfred Ndidi
93	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
93	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
92	Ayoze Perez from Leicester heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
92	Caglar Soyuncu puts in a cross...
91	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 41%, Leicester: 59%.
90	After a tactical foul, James Maddison sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
90	James Maddison from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Carney Chukwuemeka
89	Ashley Young is penalised for pushing Ayoze Perez.
89	John McGinn from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Wilfred Ndidi
88	Jonny Evans is penalised for pushing Ashley Young.
88	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
87	Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
87	Matty Cash relieves the pressure with a clearance
87	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
87	Harvey Barnes from Leicester tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
87	Ayoze Perez from Leicester chips the ball into the penalty box.
86	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall is leaving the field to be replaced by Kelechi Iheanacho in a tactical substitution.
85	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 41%, Leicester: 59%.
85	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
84	Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall from Leicester sends an effort wide of target
84	Luke Thomas from Leicester passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
84	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
84	Aston Villa with a clear defensive substitution as Jacob Ramsey comes off for the more defensively minded Axel Tuanzebe
84	Jacob Ramsey is leaving the field to be replaced by Axel Tuanzebe in a tactical substitution.
83	Ezri Konsa clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
83	Luke Thomas puts in a cross...
83	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
81	Goal kick for Leicester.
80	Matty Cash from Aston Villa sends an effort wide of target
80	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 44%, Leicester: 56%.
79	Leicester is in control of the ball.
78	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	The game is restarted.
78	Patson Daka is leaving the field to be replaced by Ayoze Perez in a tactical substitution.
78	Emiliano Buendia is leaving the field to be replaced by Carney Chukwuemeka in a tactical substitution.
77	Douglas Luiz is leaving the field to be replaced by Morgan Sanson in a tactical substitution.
77	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
76	Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall is penalised for pushing Marvelous Nakamba.
76	John McGinn from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
76	Aston Villa start a counter attack.
75	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 44%, Leicester: 56%.
75	Douglas Luiz relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
75	Harvey Barnes finds himself in acres of space, but his header is turned behind by the Emiliano Martinez! Corner kick...
75	Patson Daka of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
75	Timothy Castagne from Leicester directs a ball squarely in the box.
74	Leicester is in control of the ball.
73	James Maddison from Leicester passes the ball in the box, but Emiliano Martinez comes out to smother the ball.
73	Could be a good chance here as Jamie Vardy from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
73	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	Goal kick for Leicester.
72	Jacob Ramsey goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
72	Could be a good chance here as John McGinn from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
71	Aston Villa start a counter attack.
71	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Timothy Castagne puts in a cross...
71	Harvey Barnes from Leicester tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
71	Matty Cash relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Patson Daka puts in a cross...
70	Leicester is trying to create something here.
70	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 46%, Leicester: 54%.
69	Luke Thomas is penalised for pushing Jacob Ramsey.
69	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Timothy Castagne puts in a cross...
68	Matty Cash relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall puts in a cross...
68	Leicester is trying to create something here.
68	Kasper Schmeichel saved a certain goal there! Ollie Watkins found himself in a great scoring position but Kasper Schmeichel denied him with a great save
67	CHANCE! Ollie Watkins finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
67	Could be a good chance here as John McGinn from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
67	Leicester is trying to create something here.
66	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Matty Cash from Aston Villa crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
66	The referee signals a free kick as Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall from Leicester trips Emiliano Buendia
65	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 47%, Leicester: 53%.
65	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
65	Ademola Lookman is leaving the field to be replaced by Jamie Vardy in a tactical substitution.
65	James Maddison fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
64	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
64	Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall from Leicester makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
63	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
62	Leicester is trying to create something here.
62	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
61	Matty Cash has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
61	Ashley Young puts in a cross...
60	The referee signals a free kick as Patson Daka from Leicester trips Marvelous Nakamba
60	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 49%, Leicester: 51%.
60	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
59	Ademola Lookman is penalised for pushing Ashley Young.
59	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jonny Evans
58	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
58	Leicester is trying to create something here.
57	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
56	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
56	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Marvelous Nakamba commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
55	Reckless challenge there. Marvelous Nakamba commits a rough foul on James Maddison
55	Leicester is in control of the ball.
55	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 49%, Leicester: 51%.
54	John McGinn provided the assist for the goal.
54	GOOOOOAAL! - Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa heads the ball home!
54	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
53	Great defending by Luke Thomas from Leicester to prevent his team conceding a goal.
53	Ollie Watkins has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
53	Some neat football here as Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa plays a 1-2 with Jacob Ramsey.
53	Jonny Evans is penalised for pushing Ollie Watkins.
52	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Leicester is trying to create something here.
51	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
51	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	The referee signals a free kick as Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall from Leicester trips Douglas Luiz
50	Goal kick for Leicester.
50	Ashley Young from Aston Villa sends an effort wide of target
50	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 47%, Leicester: 53%.
50	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Goal kick for Leicester.
49	Matty Cash from Aston Villa sends an effort wide of target
49	Emiliano Buendia puts in a cross...
49	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Jonny Evans relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Ashley Young puts in a cross...
48	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
48	A shot by Jacob Ramsey is blocked.
48	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
47	The referee signals a free kick as Caglar Soyuncu from Leicester trips Jacob Ramsey
47	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
46	Danger averted there as Marvelous Nakamba from Aston Villa clears the danger with a good tackle
46	Ademola Lookman from Leicester had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
46	Could be a good chance here as Patson Daka from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
46	Tyrone Mings could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
46	The second half is underway.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
49	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
48	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Dangerous challenge by Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa. Kasper Schmeichel on the receiving end of that.
47	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for Aston Villa is revoked due to a previously committed foul.
46	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
46	GOOOOOAAL!! Aston Villa score! Jacob Ramsey is on the scoresheet.
46	Kasper Schmeichel comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
46	Matty Cash from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Douglas Luiz puts in a cross...
45	James Maddison from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Marvelous Nakamba
45	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 44%, Leicester: 56%.
44	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
44	Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	Douglas Luiz swings in a cross from the free kick.
43	Ademola Lookman from Leicester commits a foul by elbowing Ashley Young
43	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
42	John McGinn puts in a cross...
42	A chance opens up as Matty Cash from Aston Villa successfully finds a team mate in the area...
42	A shot by Douglas Luiz is blocked.
42	Ashley Young from Aston Villa makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
41	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
41	The referee signals a free kick as Harvey Barnes from Leicester trips John McGinn
41	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	Good effort by James Maddison as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
41	Patson Daka from Leicester heads the ball to a team mate.
41	Jonny Evans swings in a cross from the free kick.
40	The referee signals a free kick as Ashley Young from Aston Villa trips Ademola Lookman
40	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 43%, Leicester: 57%.
40	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
40	Luke Thomas fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
39	Harvey Barnes of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
39	Timothy Castagne from Leicester makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
39	Could be a good chance here as Ademola Lookman from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
39	Harvey Barnes from Leicester makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
38	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
38	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Luke Thomas from Leicester crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
37	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Douglas Luiz relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Great skill from Harvey Barnes as he dribbles past his opponents
36	Leicester start a counter attack.
36	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester trips Emiliano Buendia
35	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
35	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 45%, Leicester: 55%.
34	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Ashley Young relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Harvey Barnes puts in a cross...
33	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
32	Jonny Evans from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
31	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
31	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
30	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 44%, Leicester: 56%.
30	Great defending by Matty Cash from Aston Villa to prevent his team conceding a goal.
30	James Maddison has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
30	Jonny Evans of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
30	Ademola Lookman of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
30	Could be a good chance here as James Maddison from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
30	Great skill from James Maddison as he dribbles past his opponents
29	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
28	Kasper Schmeichel relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
28	Should have been a goal! Matty Cash gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Kasper Schmeichel!
28	Could be a good chance here as Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
28	Ademola Lookman from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Douglas Luiz
27	Obstruction as Timothy Castagne cuts off the run of Jacob Ramsey. A free-kick is awarded.
27	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	The game is restarted.
26	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
25	The ref blows his whistle. Jonny Evans charged Ollie Watkins from behind and it's a free-kick
25	Leicester is trying to create something here.
24	Harvey Barnes from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jacob Ramsey
24	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
23	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
23	What a miss! Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
23	Luke Thomas from Leicester makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
22	Harvey Barnes of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
22	Harvey Barnes from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
21	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
21	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
21	Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall from Leicester makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
20	Could be a good chance here as Harvey Barnes from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
20	The referee signals a free kick as Ashley Young from Aston Villa trips Ademola Lookman
20	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 52%, Leicester: 48%.
19	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Aston Villa stands.
17	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
17	Emiliano Buendia provided the assist for the goal.
17	GOOOOOAAL! - Ezri Konsa scores with the right foot!
17	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
17	Matty Cash from Aston Villa heads the ball to a team mate.
17	Poor play by Jonny Evans as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
17	Douglas Luiz swings in a cross from the free kick.
16	Ademola Lookman from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ashley Young
16	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	The referee signals a free kick as Ademola Lookman from Leicester trips Douglas Luiz
15	Danger! Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
15	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 43%, Leicester: 57%.
15	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
14	Patson Daka provided the assist for the goal.
14	GOOOOOAAL! - Harvey Barnes scores with the right foot!
14	Could be a good chance here as Patson Daka from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
14	Great skill from Patson Daka as he dribbles past his opponents
13	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester trips Emiliano Buendia
13	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa concedes a foul on Luke Thomas but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
12	Leicester is in control of the ball.
11	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
11	Matty Cash from Aston Villa tries to pass the ball to a teammate, but its nowehere near the intended target.
11	Could be a good chance here as Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
11	The referee signals a free kick as Ademola Lookman from Leicester trips John McGinn
10	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 41%, Leicester: 59%.
10	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
10	Patson Daka from Leicester sends an effort wide of target
10	Tyrone Mings could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
9	Jonny Evans sends a long ball upfield.
9	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	A shot by James Maddison is blocked.
9	Harvey Barnes from Leicester directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
9	Harvey Barnes from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
9	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
8	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	The game is restarted.
7	The game is stopped.
6	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
5	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 40%, Leicester: 60%.
5	Matty Cash from Aston Villa crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
5	Kasper Schmeichel relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
5	A shot by Ashley Young is blocked.
5	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Obstruction as Caglar Soyuncu cuts off the run of John McGinn. A free-kick is awarded.
3	Good effort by Patson Daka as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
3	Could be a good chance here as Ademola Lookman from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
3	James Maddison from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
2	The referee signals a free kick as Luke Thomas from Leicester trips John McGinn
1	Leicester is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Leicester kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Villa Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 35639.
96	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Christian Noergaard puts in a cross...
96	Brentford is trying to create something here.
96	EQUALISER!!! They managed to score a last minute equaliser! Is there time for a late thriller?
95	Patrick Bamford from Leeds is very pleased with the goal and can't stop celebrating. The referee sees no other way than to book him.
95	Luke Ayling provided the assist for the goal.
95	GOOOOOAAL! - Patrick Bamford volleys the ball into the back of the net with the left. A great finish!
95	Diego Llorente from Leeds heads the ball to a team mate.
95	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
95	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Brentford: 37%.
94	Alvaro Fernandez clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
94	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
94	Mads Roerslev hand-balls.
93	Patrick Bamford from Leeds is ruled offside.
93	Mads Roerslev is penalised for pushing Jack Harrison.
92	Brentford is in control of the ball.
92	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	That looked a fine chance. Daniel James from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
91	Could be a good chance here as Raphinha from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
91	Leeds is trying to create something here.
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Charlie Goode relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
90	Vitaly Janelt is leaving the field to be replaced by Mathias Jensen in a tactical substitution.
90	Christian Noergaard is penalised for pushing Tyler Roberts.
90	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Brentford: 37%.
89	The referee signals a free kick as Jack Harrison from Leeds trips Frank Onyeka
89	Goal kick for Brentford.
88	Raphinha from Leeds tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
88	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Leeds is in control of the ball.
87	Leeds is in control of the ball.
86	Bryan Mbeumo takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
85	After a tactical foul, Raphinha sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
85	Raphinha from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Yoane Wissa
85	Brentford is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Leeds: 61%, Brentford: 39%.
85	Leeds is trying to create something here.
85	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Leeds is trying to create something here.
83	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
83	Leeds is trying to create something here.
82	Daniel James from Leeds is ruled offside.
82	Leeds is in control of the ball.
82	Tyler Roberts shoots from outside the box, but Alvaro Fernandez has it under control
81	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	The game is restarted.
81	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
81	A shot by Stuart Dallas is blocked.
81	Raphinha swings in a cross from the free kick.
80	The referee shows Rico Henry the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
80	Rico Henry is penalised for pushing Daniel James.
80	Ball possession: Leeds: 61%, Brentford: 39%.
80	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
80	Vitaly Janelt swings in a cross from the free kick.
79	Mateusz Klich commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
79	Dangerous challenge by Mateusz Klich from Leeds. Christian Noergaard on the receiving end of that.
79	A shot by Bryan Mbeumo is blocked.
79	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
78	Brentford is trying to create something here.
78	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Leeds is in control of the ball.
77	Patrick Bamford is penalised for pushing Christian Noergaard.
77	Leeds is in control of the ball.
77	Stuart Dallas shoots from outside the box, but Alvaro Fernandez has it under control
77	Stuart Dallas from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
76	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	Tyler Roberts from Leeds sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
76	Leeds is trying to create something here.
76	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
75	Vitaly Janelt swings in a cross from the free kick.
75	Ball possession: Leeds: 62%, Brentford: 38%.
75	The referee shows Jack Harrison the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
75	The referee signals a free kick as Jack Harrison from Leeds trips Mads Roerslev
75	Brentford is trying to create something here.
74	Daniel James from Leeds is ruled offside.
74	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
73	Raphinha puts in a cross...
72	The referee signals a free kick as Rico Henry from Brentford trips Raphinha
72	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	Sergi Canos is leaving the field to be replaced by Yoane Wissa in a tactical substitution.
71	Danger averted there as Jack Harrison from Leeds clears the danger with a good tackle
71	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
71	Brentford start a counter attack.
71	Leeds is trying to create something here.
70	Leeds is in control of the ball.
70	Goal kick for Brentford.
70	Ball possession: Leeds: 59%, Brentford: 41%.
69	Leeds is trying to create something here.
69	Leeds is in control of the ball.
69	Shandon Baptiste is leaving the field to be replaced by Frank Onyeka in a tactical substitution.
69	Leeds with an attacking substitution here.
68	Junior Firpo is leaving the field to be replaced by Patrick Bamford in a tactical substitution.
68	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
68	Alvaro Fernandez relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Luke Ayling puts in a cross...
67	Leeds is trying to create something here.
67	Daniel James from Leeds is ruled offside.
66	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
66	Mateusz Klich from Leeds sends a deflected cross into the box.
66	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Charlie Goode relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
65	Ball possession: Leeds: 57%, Brentford: 43%.
65	Charlie Goode relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
64	Rico Henry clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
64	Mateusz Klich puts in a cross...
64	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Mateusz Klich puts in a cross...
64	Great defending by Pontus Jansson from Brentford to prevent his team conceding a goal.
64	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
63	Leeds is trying to create something here.
63	Brentford is trying to create something here.
63	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	Bryan Mbeumo provided the assist for the goal.
61	GOOOOOAAL! - Sergi Canos scores with the right foot!
61	Bryan Mbeumo carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
61	Goal kick for Leeds.
61	The away team are really starting to put pressure the opposition now.
60	What a miss! Sergi Canos has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
60	Mads Roerslev puts in a cross...
60	Junior Firpo relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Sergi Canos from Brentford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
60	Shandon Baptiste of Brentford passes the ball to a team mate.
60	Great skill from Shandon Baptiste as he dribbles past his opponents
60	Ball possession: Leeds: 57%, Brentford: 43%.
60	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
59	The match resumes with a drop ball.
58	Luke Ayling is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
58	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
57	A shot by Sergi Canos is blocked.
57	Vitaly Janelt of Brentford passes the ball to a team mate.
57	Christian Noergaard puts in a cross...
57	Brentford is trying to create something here.
56	Leeds is trying to create something here.
55	The referee shows Sergi Canos the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
55	Dangerous challenge by Sergi Canos from Brentford. Stuart Dallas on the receiving end of that.
55	Kalvin Phillips is injured and is replaced by Mateusz Klich.
55	Ball possession: Leeds: 58%, Brentford: 42%.
54	With that goal, Brentford equalised. Game on!
54	GOOOOOAAL! - Shandon Baptiste finds the net with the left foot!
54	Sergi Canos from Brentford sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
53	Brentford is in control of the ball.
53	The game is restarted.
52	Kalvin Phillips is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
52	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
52	Raphinha from Leeds is ruled offside.
52	Could be a good chance here as Stuart Dallas from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
51	Leeds is in control of the ball.
51	Brentford is trying to create something here.
50	Ball possession: Leeds: 59%, Brentford: 41%.
50	Kalvin Phillips is penalised for pushing Sergi Canos.
50	Luke Ayling from Leeds heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
50	Alvaro Fernandez from Brentford makes a great save.
50	A header from Luke Ayling is blocked by the keeper and bounces back into play!
49	Raphinha swings in a cross from the free kick.
49	The referee signals a free kick as Christian Noergaard from Brentford trips Daniel James
49	Leeds is trying to create something here.
49	Leeds is in control of the ball.
48	Tyler Roberts from Leeds is ruled offside.
47	Leeds is trying to create something here.
47	Leeds is trying to create something here.
47	Brentford is trying to create something here.
47	Goal kick for Leeds.
46	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Leeds is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
49	The only goal scored by Leeds gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Leeds: 58%, Brentford: 42%.
48	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Raphinha from Leeds takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
47	Charlie Goode commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
47	The referee signals a free kick as Charlie Goode from Brentford trips Tyler Roberts
47	Leeds is trying to create something here.
47	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
46	Kalvin Phillips fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	The referee signals a free kick as Vitaly Janelt from Brentford trips Raphinha
45	Ball possession: Leeds: 57%, Brentford: 43%.
44	Brentford is trying to create something here.
43	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
42	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Leeds is trying to create something here.
42	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	Tyler Roberts goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
41	Adam Forshaw puts in a cross...
41	Leeds is in control of the ball.
40	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Ball possession: Leeds: 54%, Brentford: 46%.
40	Adam Forshaw from Leeds tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
40	Raphinha puts in a cross...
40	Charlie Goode relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
39	Pontus Jansson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
39	Tyler Roberts puts in a cross...
39	Leeds is trying to create something here.
39	Alvaro Fernandez relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
37	Leeds is trying to create something here.
37	Brentford is in control of the ball.
37	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Leeds is in control of the ball.
35	Leeds is trying to create something here.
35	Leeds is trying to create something here.
35	Ball possession: Leeds: 51%, Brentford: 49%.
34	Brentford is in control of the ball.
34	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Daniel James is penalised for pushing Ethan Pinnock.
33	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
33	Mads Roerslev puts in a cross...
33	Rico Henry from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
33	Raphinha from Leeds is ruled offside.
32	Brentford is in control of the ball.
32	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
32	Diego Llorente from Leeds had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
32	Poor play by Alvaro Fernandez as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
31	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
31	It's a good hit from long range by Tyler Roberts who forces a save from Alvaro Fernandez. Corner kick.
31	Leeds is trying to create something here.
30	Ball possession: Leeds: 53%, Brentford: 47%.
30	Junior Firpo from Leeds is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
30	Ethan Pinnock puts in a cross...
30	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
30	Vitaly Janelt swings in a cross from the free kick.
29	The referee shows Tyler Roberts the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
29	The referee signals a free kick as Tyler Roberts from Leeds trips Bryan Mbeumo
28	Brentford is trying to create something here.
28	Leeds is in control of the ball.
27	Raphinha provided the assist for the goal.
27	GOOOOOAAL! - Tyler Roberts scores with the right foot!
27	Raphinha puts in a cross...
27	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Raphinha puts in a cross...
27	Leeds is trying to create something here.
26	Brentford is in control of the ball.
26	Shandon Baptiste relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Luke Ayling puts in a cross...
26	Leeds is trying to create something here.
25	Leeds is in control of the ball.
25	Ball possession: Leeds: 51%, Brentford: 49%.
25	Leeds is trying to create something here.
24	The referee signals a free kick as Tyler Roberts from Leeds trips Pontus Jansson
24	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
22	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Charlie Goode relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
22	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
21	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
21	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
20	Ball possession: Leeds: 52%, Brentford: 48%.
20	Sergi Canos from Brentford sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
20	Sergi Canos from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
19	Daniel James is penalised for pushing Charlie Goode.
19	Jack Harrison relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Poor play by Diego Llorente as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
19	Mads Roerslev puts in a cross...
19	Brentford is trying to create something here.
18	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Charlie Goode relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Daniel James puts in a cross...
18	Daniel James from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
18	Could be a good chance here as Stuart Dallas from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
17	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Brentford is trying to create something here.
16	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Forshaw from Leeds trips Shandon Baptiste
16	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
16	Luke Ayling relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
15	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
15	Liam Cooper is injured and is replaced by Jack Harrison.
15	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Leeds: 53%, Brentford: 47%.
15	Goal kick for Leeds.
15	The game is restarted.
13	Liam Cooper is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
12	Liam Cooper is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
12	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
11	Bryan Mbeumo goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
11	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
11	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
10	Ball possession: Leeds: 54%, Brentford: 46%.
10	Leeds is trying to create something here.
9	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	Brentford is in control of the ball.
9	A shot from Sergi Canos takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
9	Some neat football here as Sergi Canos from Brentford plays a 1-2 with Christian Noergaard.
9	Brentford is trying to create something here.
8	Tyler Roberts relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Poor play by Luke Ayling as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
8	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
8	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
7	Junior Firpo clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
7	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
7	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
7	Brentford is in control of the ball.
6	Tyler Roberts from Leeds sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
6	Daniel James puts in a cross...
6	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Adam Forshaw puts in a cross...
6	Leeds is trying to create something here.
6	Poor play by Ethan Pinnock as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
5	Luke Ayling puts in a cross...
5	Leeds is trying to create something here.
5	Ball possession: Leeds: 42%, Brentford: 58%.
5	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
4	Sergi Canos from Brentford directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
4	A shot by Bryan Mbeumo is blocked.
4	Brentford is trying to create something here.
4	Luke Ayling relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
3	Luke Ayling relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
2	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Christian Noergaard puts in a cross...
1	Brentford is trying to create something here.
1	Shandon Baptiste relieves the pressure with a clearance
1	Junior Firpo from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box.
1	Raphinha of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
1	Tyler Roberts puts in a cross...
1	Leeds is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	It's a cold day for playing football.
1	Leeds kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Elland Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 73172.
96	Ball possession: Manchester United: 61%, Crystal Palace: 39%.
95	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
94	Dangerous challenge by Anthony Elanga from Manchester United. Tyrick Mitchell on the receiving end of that.
94	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Mason Greenwood relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
93	Donny van de Beek clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
93	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
93	David De Gea clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
93	Jeffrey Schlupp puts in a cross...
92	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	Cristiano Ronaldo relieves the pressure with a clearance
92	Michael Olise swings in a cross from the free kick.
91	After a tactical foul, Victor Lindelof sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
91	The referee signals a free kick as Victor Lindelof from Manchester United trips Wilfried Zaha
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Manchester United: 62%, Crystal Palace: 38%.
89	Dangerous challenge by Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace. Victor Lindelof on the receiving end of that.
89	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Alex Telles from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
88	Vicente Guaita clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
88	Alex Telles swings in a cross from the free kick.
87	James Tomkins is penalised for pushing Donny van de Beek.
87	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Bruno Fernandes is leaving the field to be replaced by Donny van de Beek in a tactical substitution.
85	The referee signals a free kick as Mason Greenwood from Manchester United trips Jeffrey Schlupp
85	The match resumes with a drop ball.
85	Ball possession: Manchester United: 62%, Crystal Palace: 38%.
84	Crystal Palace with an attacking substitution here.
84	Cheikhou Kouyate is leaving the field to be replaced by Eberechi Eze in a tactical substitution.
84	Jordan Ayew is leaving the field to be replaced by Michael Olise in a tactical substitution.
82	Harry Maguire is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
82	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
81	Cheikhou Kouyate from Crystal Palace tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
81	Tyrick Mitchell puts in a cross...
81	Yellow card for Scott McTominay.
80	Scott McTominay from Manchester United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Odsonne Edouard
80	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
80	Ball possession: Manchester United: 63%, Crystal Palace: 37%.
79	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Manchester United managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
77	Mason Greenwood provided the assist for the goal.
77	GOOOOOAAL! - Fred from Manchester United beats the keeper from outside the box with the right foot!
77	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
77	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
76	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
76	Marcus Rashford is leaving the field to be replaced by Anthony Elanga in a tactical substitution.
75	CHANCE! Jordan Ayew has a great chance to score but his volleyed effort fails to hit the target!
75	James Tomkins from Crystal Palace heads the ball to a team mate.
75	Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
75	Ball possession: Manchester United: 64%, Crystal Palace: 36%.
74	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
74	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
73	Alex Telles is penalised for pushing Jordan Ayew.
73	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
72	Safe hands from Vicente Guaita as he comes out and claims the ball
72	Diogo Dalot puts in a cross...
72	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
71	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
71	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United sends an effort wide of target
71	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
70	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United is ruled offside.
70	Ball possession: Manchester United: 64%, Crystal Palace: 36%.
69	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
68	What a hit! A direct free kick from Alex Telles hammers off the crossbar!
67	Yellow card for Marc Guehi.
67	Marc Guehi from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Marcus Rashford
67	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
67	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Christian Benteke is leaving the field to be replaced by Odsonne Edouard in a tactical substitution.
66	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Ball possession: Manchester United: 64%, Crystal Palace: 36%.
65	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
64	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
64	Scott McTominay relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
64	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United is ruled offside.
62	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Jadon Sancho is leaving the field to be replaced by Mason Greenwood in a tactical substitution.
61	Dangerous challenge by Diogo Dalot from Manchester United. Tyrick Mitchell on the receiving end of that.
60	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
60	Jadon Sancho from Manchester United crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
60	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United takes a short corner kick from the left.
60	Ball possession: Manchester United: 64%, Crystal Palace: 36%.
59	James Tomkins clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
59	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
59	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
59	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
58	Alex Telles swings in a cross from the free kick.
57	The referee signals a free kick as Cheikhou Kouyate from Crystal Palace trips Cristiano Ronaldo
57	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
56	A chance presents itself to Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace but his header goes wide
56	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the left.
56	Cheikhou Kouyate from Crystal Palace heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
56	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
56	Christian Benteke comes back onto the field.
55	Ball possession: Manchester United: 66%, Crystal Palace: 34%.
54	The referee signals a free kick as Fred from Manchester United trips Jordan Ayew
54	The referee signals a free kick as Alex Telles from Manchester United trips Jordan Ayew
53	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace is leaving the pitch because his nose is bleeding.
53	Victor Lindelof from Manchester United commits a foul by elbowing Christian Benteke
52	Marc Guehi relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
52	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Tyrick Mitchell relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
51	Safe hands from David De Gea as he comes out and claims the ball
51	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace sends a deflected cross into the box.
51	Scott McTominay is penalised for pushing Christian Benteke.
50	Vicente Guaita relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
50	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Ball possession: Manchester United: 66%, Crystal Palace: 34%.
50	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
49	Bruno Fernandes fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
49	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
48	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
48	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
46	Jordan Ayew is penalised for pushing Fred.
46	The second half is underway.
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Manchester United: 66%, Crystal Palace: 34%.
46	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United sends an effort wide of target
46	Some neat football here as Diogo Dalot from Manchester United plays a 1-2 with Scott McTominay.
46	Marc Guehi relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Alex Telles puts in a cross...
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Tyrick Mitchell relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Alex Telles puts in a cross...
45	Ball possession: Manchester United: 64%, Crystal Palace: 36%.
44	The referee signals a free kick as Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace trips Bruno Fernandes
44	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
43	The referee signals a free kick as Scott McTominay from Manchester United trips Jordan Ayew
43	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
42	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Bruno Fernandes relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	Poor play by Harry Maguire as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
41	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
40	The referee signals a free kick as Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United trips Wilfried Zaha
40	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
40	Alex Telles puts in a cross...
40	Ball possession: Manchester United: 66%, Crystal Palace: 34%.
39	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
39	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
39	Jordan Ayew fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
39	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
38	Safe hands from David De Gea as he comes out and claims the ball
38	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
38	Great skill from Wilfried Zaha as he dribbles past his opponents
38	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
37	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
36	That's a great ball by Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
36	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
35	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Marc Guehi
35	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Ball possession: Manchester United: 65%, Crystal Palace: 35%.
35	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United is ruled offside.
33	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Alex Telles from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
33	Fred comes back onto the field.
33	Jadon Sancho sees his shot deflected off target
32	The game is restarted.
32	Fred is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
32	Fred is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
32	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
31	Yellow card for Nathaniel Clyne.
31	Reckless challenge there. Nathaniel Clyne commits a rough foul on Fred
30	The referee signals a free kick as Scott McTominay from Manchester United trips Wilfried Zaha
30	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Ball possession: Manchester United: 62%, Crystal Palace: 38%.
29	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
29	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
29	Cheikhou Kouyate relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	Alex Telles puts in a cross...
29	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
29	Alex Telles from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
28	The match is very one-sided right now. Manchester United are clearly dominating possession
28	Alex Telles from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
28	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
27	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	A shot by Scott McTominay is blocked.
27	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Jadon Sancho from Manchester United had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
27	Bruno Fernandes of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
27	Marcus Rashford of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
27	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
26	Good effort by Bruno Fernandes as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
26	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United heads the ball to a team mate.
26	Alex Telles puts in a cross...
25	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Ball possession: Manchester United: 60%, Crystal Palace: 40%.
25	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United sends a deflected cross into the box.
25	Cheikhou Kouyate relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
24	A shot by Scott McTominay is blocked.
24	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
23	A shot by Fred is blocked.
23	Marcus Rashford of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
23	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
23	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
22	Good effort by Cristiano Ronaldo as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
22	Marcus Rashford of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
22	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
22	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Ball possession: Manchester United: 60%, Crystal Palace: 40%.
19	Diogo Dalot is penalised for pushing Wilfried Zaha.
19	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
19	A chance presents itself to Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United but his header goes wide
19	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United puts in a great cross...
19	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Cheikhou Kouyate relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
18	A shot by Cristiano Ronaldo is blocked.
18	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
17	Jadon Sancho from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
17	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Danger averted there as Victor Lindelof from Manchester United clears the danger with a good tackle
16	Scott McTominay could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
15	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	James Tomkins from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Victor Lindelof
15	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
15	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace takes a short corner kick from the left.
15	Ball possession: Manchester United: 57%, Crystal Palace: 43%.
14	Victor Lindelof clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
14	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
14	Safe hands from Vicente Guaita as he comes out and claims the ball
14	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United chips the ball into the penalty box.
13	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
13	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
12	Cristiano Ronaldo goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
11	The referee signals a free kick as Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace trips Marcus Rashford
11	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
10	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Manchester United: 51%, Crystal Palace: 49%.
9	Wilfried Zaha shoots from outside the box, but David De Gea has it under control
9	Some neat football here as Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace plays a 1-2 with Christian Benteke.
9	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
9	James Tomkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Fred puts in a cross...
9	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
8	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United sends an effort wide of target
8	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
8	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
7	Christian Benteke has a great chance to score, but David De Gea comes out strongly to save!
7	Could be a good chance here as Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
7	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
7	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
6	Marc Guehi could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
5	Alex Telles from Manchester United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jordan Ayew
5	Ball possession: Manchester United: 58%, Crystal Palace: 42%.
5	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Conor Gallagher relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
4	Conor Gallagher clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
4	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
4	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
3	Alex Telles fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
3	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United takes a short corner kick from the left.
3	James Tomkins clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
3	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
2	The match resumes with a drop ball.
2	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
1	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	It's a cold day for playing football.
1	Manchester United kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Old Trafford, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Tottenham with a deserved victory after a fine display
95	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Ball possession: Tottenham: 39%, Norwich: 61%.
95	Teemu Pukki from Norwich tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
95	Brandon Williams puts in a cross...
94	Danger averted there as Davinson Sanchez from Tottenham clears the danger with a good tackle
93	Teemu Pukki from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
93	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
93	Today's attendance is 57088.
92	Matt Doherty from Tottenham sends an effort wide of target
92	Poor play by Kenny McLean as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
92	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Steven Bergwijn from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
91	Steven Bergwijn from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
90	Ben Davies relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
90	Ball possession: Tottenham: 40%, Norwich: 60%.
90	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
90	Grant Hanley from Norwich tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
89	Grant Hanley from Norwich tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
89	Jacob Lungi Soerensen puts in a cross...
89	Poor play by Steven Bergwijn as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
89	Jacob Lungi Soerensen from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
89	Ben Davies clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
89	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
89	Teemu Pukki from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
89	Teemu Pukki from Norwich plays a cheeky 1-2 with Kenny McLean.
88	Norwich is trying to create something here.
88	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg comes back onto the field.
87	The game is restarted.
87	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
86	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
86	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
85	Dangerous challenge by Jacob Lungi Soerensen from Norwich. Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg on the receiving end of that.
85	Ball possession: Tottenham: 41%, Norwich: 59%.
85	Oh no. From a promising position Joshua Sargent from Norwich miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
85	A chance opens up as Teemu Pukki from Norwich successfully finds a team mate in the area...
85	Teemu Pukki from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
84	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Dangerous challenge by Matt Doherty from Tottenham. Brandon Williams on the receiving end of that.
83	Norwich is trying to create something here.
83	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
82	Norwich is trying to create something here.
82	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
81	Billy Gilmour is leaving the field to be replaced by Jacob Lungi Soerensen in a tactical substitution.
81	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
81	Billy Gilmour fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
81	Norwich is trying to create something here.
81	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Lucas Moura is leaving the field to be replaced by Steven Bergwijn in a tactical substitution.
80	Hugo Lloris from Tottenham fails to clear the ball properly and gives away a throw-in to the opponent team.
80	Outstanding game by Heung-Min Son today! The coach and the fans must be delighted with his performance!
80	Ball possession: Tottenham: 40%, Norwich: 60%.
79	Norwich is in control of the ball.
78	Norwich is trying to create something here.
77	A wonderful team goal!
77	Ben Davies provided the assist for the goal.
77	GOAL! - Heung-Min Son score from a shot with the right foot, that takes a deflection.
77	A chance opens up as Ben Davies from Tottenham successfully finds a team mate in the area...
77	Ben Davies from Tottenham plays a cheeky 1-2 with Oliver Skipp.
77	Matt Doherty from Tottenham crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
77	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
75	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
75	Billy Gilmour from Norwich tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
75	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
75	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
75	Ball possession: Tottenham: 40%, Norwich: 60%.
74	Harry Kane shoots from outside the box, but Tim Krul has it under control
74	Danger averted there as Brandon Williams from Norwich clears the danger with a good tackle
74	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
72	Pierre Lees-Melou is leaving the field to be replaced by Kieran Dowell in a tactical substitution.
72	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	The referee signals a free kick as Davinson Sanchez from Tottenham trips Kenny McLean
70	Good effort by Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
70	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
70	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Ball possession: Tottenham: 41%, Norwich: 59%.
69	Adam Idah is leaving the field to be replaced by Joshua Sargent in a tactical substitution.
69	The referee signals a free kick as Matt Doherty from Tottenham trips Brandon Williams
69	Norwich is trying to create something here.
68	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	GOOOOOAAL! - Davinson Sanchez volleys the ball into the back of the net with the right foot.
67	Poor play by Ben Gibson as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
67	Ben Davies from Tottenham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
66	It's a good hit from long range by Harry Kane who forces a save from Tim Krul. Corner kick.
65	Kenny McLean relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
65	The match is being played at a slow tempo with neither side having the upper hand
65	Ball possession: Tottenham: 40%, Norwich: 60%.
65	Ryan Sessegnon from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
65	Danger averted there as Ben Gibson from Norwich clears the danger with a good tackle
65	Danger! Lucas Moura from Tottenham successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
64	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
64	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
64	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham trips Pierre Lees-Melou
63	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
63	Harry Kane puts in a cross...
63	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
63	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Japhet Tanganga is leaving the field to be replaced by Matt Doherty in a tactical substitution.
61	Adam Idah from Norwich is ruled offside.
61	Could be a good chance here as Kenny McLean from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
61	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: Tottenham: 41%, Norwich: 59%.
60	Ryan Sessegnon from Tottenham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
60	Ryan Sessegnon from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
60	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
60	How did he miss that? Adam Idah has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
59	A shot by Teemu Pukki is blocked.
59	A chance opens up as Brandon Williams from Norwich successfully finds a team mate in the area...
59	Brandon Williams from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
59	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
59	Norwich is trying to create something here.
58	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
57	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
57	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
57	Ben Gibson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
57	Ryan Sessegnon puts in a cross...
56	Ben Davies from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
56	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
55	Adam Idah from Norwich is ruled offside.
55	Brandon Williams from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
55	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
55	Ball possession: Tottenham: 39%, Norwich: 61%.
55	The referee signals a free kick as Harry Kane from Tottenham trips Grant Hanley
54	Danger averted there as Grant Hanley from Norwich clears the danger with a good tackle
54	Danger! Ryan Sessegnon from Tottenham successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
54	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
54	Ben Gibson from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Lucas Moura
54	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
53	A chance presents itself to Grant Hanley from Norwich but his header goes wide
53	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
53	Norwich is trying to create something here.
52	Safe hands from Hugo Lloris as he comes out and claims the ball
52	Andrew Omobamidele sends a long ball upfield.
52	Norwich is in control of the ball.
52	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Danger averted there as Davinson Sanchez from Tottenham clears the danger with a good tackle
50	Norwich is trying to create something here.
50	Brandon Williams comes back onto the field.
50	The game is restarted.
50	Brandon Williams is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
50	Ball possession: Tottenham: 40%, Norwich: 60%.
50	Brandon Williams is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
49	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
49	Obstruction as Japhet Tanganga cuts off the run of Brandon Williams. A free-kick is awarded.
49	Harry Kane is penalised for pushing Grant Hanley.
49	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
48	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
48	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
48	Harry Kane from Tottenham heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
48	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
47	Max Aarons clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
46	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
46	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
49	The only goal scored by Tottenham gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Tottenham: 38%, Norwich: 62%.
48	Norwich is trying to create something here.
48	Norwich is in control of the ball.
47	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
46	Goal kick for Tottenham.
46	Brandon Williams from Norwich fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
46	Pierre Lees-Melou puts in a cross...
46	Adam Idah from Norwich had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
46	Billy Gilmour puts in a cross...
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Norwich is in control of the ball.
45	Ryan Sessegnon from Tottenham is ruled offside.
45	Ball possession: Tottenham: 34%, Norwich: 66%.
45	Hugo Lloris relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Billy Gilmour sends a long ball upfield.
44	Tim Krul relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Heung-Min Son puts in a cross...
44	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham takes a short corner kick from the left.
43	Heung-Min Son sees his shot deflected off target
43	Ben Davies puts in a cross...
43	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
43	Hugo Lloris relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
42	Norwich is trying to create something here.
42	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	Norwich is in control of the ball.
41	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
40	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Goal kick for Norwich.
40	A lob by Harry Kane from Tottenham goes wide.
40	Danger! Lucas Moura from Tottenham successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
40	Tottenham start a counter attack.
40	Ball possession: Tottenham: 33%, Norwich: 67%.
39	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Adam Idah puts in a cross...
39	A shot by Grant Hanley is blocked.
39	Kenny McLean from Norwich successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
39	Billy Gilmour swings in a cross from the free kick.
38	The referee signals a free kick as Lucas Moura from Tottenham trips Billy Gilmour
38	Norwich is trying to create something here.
38	Danger averted there as Adam Idah from Norwich clears the danger with a good tackle
38	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
37	Norwich is in control of the ball.
37	Ryan Sessegnon puts in a cross...
37	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
37	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Norwich is trying to create something here.
36	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Goal kick for Norwich.
35	CHANCE! Ben Davies has a great chance to score but his volleyed effort fails to hit the target!
35	Heung-Min Son swings in a cross from the free kick.
35	Ball possession: Tottenham: 31%, Norwich: 69%.
34	After a tactical foul, Billy Gilmour sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
34	Kenny McLean is penalised for pushing Lucas Moura.
34	Billy Gilmour from Norwich concedes a foul on Lucas Moura but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
34	Lucas Moura from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
34	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
34	Norwich is trying to create something here.
33	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Kenny McLean from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
33	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Lucas Moura relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
33	Pierre Lees-Melou sees his shot deflected off target
33	Poor play by Harry Kane as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
32	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
32	Ryan Sessegnon clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
32	Norwich is trying to create something here.
31	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
30	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
30	Adam Idah from Norwich is ruled offside.
30	Ball possession: Tottenham: 31%, Norwich: 69%.
30	Goal kick for Norwich.
30	Harry Kane from Tottenham sends an effort wide of target
30	A shot by Heung-Min Son is blocked.
29	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
29	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Dangerous challenge by Harry Kane from Tottenham. Billy Gilmour on the receiving end of that.
27	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
27	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Norwich is in control of the ball.
26	Ryan Sessegnon from Tottenham sends a deflected cross into the box.
26	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
26	Danger averted there as Max Aarons from Norwich clears the danger with a good tackle
26	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
26	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Tottenham: 32%, Norwich: 68%.
24	Norwich is in control of the ball.
24	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
23	Norwich is trying to create something here.
23	Goal kick for Norwich.
23	The game is restarted.
22	Sergio Reguilon is injured and is replaced by Ryan Sessegnon.
22	Sergio Reguilon is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
22	Tottenham are satisfied with the result up to the point.
21	Sergio Reguilon is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
21	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
21	Oliver Skipp fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
21	A shot by Lucas Moura is blocked.
21	Lucas Moura from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
21	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
20	Norwich is trying to create something here.
20	Ben Davies relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
20	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
20	Ball possession: Tottenham: 38%, Norwich: 62%.
19	Norwich is in control of the ball.
19	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
18	Sergio Reguilon relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Billy Gilmour puts in a cross...
18	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Brandon Williams from Norwich makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
18	Kenny McLean from Norwich chips the ball into the penalty box.
18	Norwich is trying to create something here.
17	The referee signals a free kick as Japhet Tanganga from Tottenham trips Brandon Williams
16	Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham receives a yellow card after a dangerous challenge on an opponent player.
16	The ref blows his whistle. Sergio Reguilon charged Max Aarons from behind and it's a free-kick
16	Norwich is in control of the ball.
15	Lucas Moura from Tottenham is ruled offside.
15	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
15	Ball possession: Tottenham: 41%, Norwich: 59%.
14	After a tactical foul, Teemu Pukki sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
14	The ref blows his whistle. Teemu Pukki charged Harry Kane from behind and it's a free-kick
14	Davinson Sanchez relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
14	Adam Idah from Norwich crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
14	Teemu Pukki from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Hugo Lloris could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
13	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
13	Grant Hanley sends a long ball upfield.
13	Norwich is trying to create something here.
12	Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
12	Norwich is trying to create something here.
12	Goal kick for Tottenham.
11	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Norwich is in control of the ball.
10	A great goal by Lucas Moura
10	Heung-Min Son provided the assist for the goal.
10	GOOOOOAAL! - Lucas Moura from Tottenham beats the keeper from outside the box with the right foot!
10	Lucas Moura from Tottenham plays a cheeky 1-2 with Heung-Min Son.
10	Ball possession: Tottenham: 16%, Norwich: 84%.
9	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
9	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
8	Harry Kane from Tottenham makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
8	Japhet Tanganga from Tottenham chips the ball into the penalty box.
7	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
7	Norwich is in control of the ball.
6	Adam Idah from Norwich is ruled offside.
6	The game is in a period of relative inactivity, with neither side able to apply pressure.
5	Norwich is in control of the ball.
5	Good effort by Oliver Skipp as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
5	Oliver Skipp from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
5	Ball possession: Tottenham: 23%, Norwich: 77%.
4	Norwich is in control of the ball.
4	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
3	Norwich is trying to create something here.
3	Teemu Pukki releases a shot, it's parried by Hugo Lloris but he can't hold onto it...
3	Adam Idah puts in a cross...
2	Norwich is trying to create something here.
2	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Teemu Pukki puts in a cross...
1	Norwich is in control of the ball.
1	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Norwich kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Today's attendance is 20673.
95	Ball possession: Watford: 23%, Manchester City: 77%.
95	Goal kick for Manchester City.
94	Jeremy Ngakia from Watford sends an effort wide of target
94	Juan Hernandez from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
94	Ruben Dias clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
94	Juan Hernandez from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
93	Juan Hernandez from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
93	Joao Cancelo shoots from outside the box, but Daniel Bachmann has it under control
93	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
93	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
92	Kiko swings in a cross from the free kick.
91	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City trips Juan Hernandez
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Watford: 23%, Manchester City: 77%.
90	Watford is in control of the ball.
89	Goal kick for Watford.
89	Kevin De Bruyne fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
89	Riyad Mahrez of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
89	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
88	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Gabriel Jesus comes back onto the field.
88	The game is restarted.
88	Gabriel Jesus is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
86	Gabriel Jesus is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
86	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
85	Yellow card for Craig Cathcart.
85	The ref blows his whistle. Craig Cathcart charged Gabriel Jesus from behind and it's a free-kick
85	Ball possession: Watford: 23%, Manchester City: 77%.
85	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
84	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
84	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
83	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	A shot by Bernardo Silva is blocked.
82	Rodri from Manchester City heads the ball to a team mate.
82	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
82	Raheem Sterling sees his shot deflected off target
82	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
81	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
80	Joao Cancelo relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Jeremy Ngakia puts in a cross...
80	Ball possession: Watford: 23%, Manchester City: 77%.
80	Raheem Sterling is penalised for pushing Kiko.
80	Goal kick for Watford.
79	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
79	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
78	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
78	How did he miss that? Joshua King has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
78	Juan Hernandez puts in a cross...
77	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
76	Kiko is penalised for pushing Raheem Sterling.
76	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
76	Ball possession: Watford: 23%, Manchester City: 77%.
75	Phil Foden is leaving the field to be replaced by Gabriel Jesus in a tactical substitution.
74	GOOOOOAAL! - Juan Hernandez reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
74	POST! So nearly a goal by Juan Hernandez but his finish hits the post!
74	Juan Hernandez from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
74	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
73	Juraj Kucka shoots from outside the box, but Ederson Moraes has it under control
73	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
73	Riyad Mahrez of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
72	The referee signals a free kick as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford trips Kevin De Bruyne
72	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	The game is restarted.
71	Ball possession: Watford: 24%, Manchester City: 76%.
71	Danny Rose is leaving the field to be replaced by Jeremy Ngakia in a tactical substitution.
71	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
70	Daniel Bachmann saved a certain goal there! Aymeric Laporte found himself in a great scoring position but Daniel Bachmann denied him with a great save
70	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
70	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
70	Emmanuel Dennis relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
70	Craig Cathcart clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
70	Phil Foden swings in a cross from the free kick.
69	The referee signals a free kick as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford trips Raheem Sterling
69	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
68	Dangerous challenge by Ruben Dias from Manchester City. Juraj Kucka on the receiving end of that.
68	Rodri from Manchester City tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
68	Poor play by Craig Cathcart as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
68	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
68	Jack Grealish is leaving the field to be replaced by Riyad Mahrez in a tactical substitution.
67	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
67	Ilkay Gundogan is leaving the field to be replaced by Kevin De Bruyne in a tactical substitution.
67	CROSSBAR! A shot from Jack Grealish stings the crossbar!
67	Jack Grealish from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
66	Watford is in control of the ball.
65	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
65	Emmanuel Dennis puts in a cross...
65	Ball possession: Watford: 23%, Manchester City: 77%.
64	Good individual effort from Bernardo Silva as he scores with a great finesse.
63	Kyle Walker provided the assist for the goal.
63	GOOOOOAAL! - Bernardo Silva scores with the left foot!
63	Great skill from Bernardo Silva as he dribbles past his opponents
63	Kyle Walker of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
63	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Great vision by Craig Cathcart from Watford as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
63	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
62	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Goal kick for Watford.
62	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
62	Raheem Sterling of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
62	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
62	Manchester City start a counter attack.
61	Juan Hernandez from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
61	Joao Pedro from Watford takes a short corner kick from the right.
61	Rodri clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
61	Watford with a potentially dangerous attack.
61	Ball possession: Watford: 20%, Manchester City: 80%.
61	Rodri is penalised for pushing Joao Pedro.
60	Goal kick for Watford.
60	Aymeric Laporte from Manchester City fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
60	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
59	Phil Foden from Manchester City sees his effort hit the post after the keeper parries the ball.
59	Phil Foden from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
59	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
58	Moussa Sissoko from Watford tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
58	Watford with a potentially dangerous attack.
58	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
57	Watford is in control of the ball.
57	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	The game is restarted.
57	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
56	Goal kick for Watford.
55	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
55	Ball possession: Watford: 20%, Manchester City: 80%.
55	William Troost-Ekong from Watford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jack Grealish
55	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Dias from Manchester City trips Moussa Sissoko
54	Phil Foden from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
53	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Raheem Sterling releases a shot, it's parried by Daniel Bachmann but he can't hold onto it...
52	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
52	Manchester City start a counter attack.
51	Kyle Walker from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
51	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
51	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Ball possession: Watford: 19%, Manchester City: 81%.
50	Safe hands from Daniel Bachmann as he comes out and claims the ball
50	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
50	Raheem Sterling sees his shot deflected off target
50	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
49	Phil Foden from Manchester City makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
49	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
48	Joao Pedro from Watford heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
48	Juan Hernandez from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
48	A shot by Joao Pedro is blocked.
47	Ruben Dias from Manchester City is ruled offside.
47	Ilkay Gundogan of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
47	Phil Foden from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
46	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
46	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
46	Tom Cleverley is leaving the field to be replaced by Juraj Kucka in a tactical substitution.
46	Imran Louza is leaving the field to be replaced by Juan Hernandez in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Watford: 20%, Manchester City: 80%.
48	Safe hands from Daniel Bachmann as he comes out and claims the ball
48	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
47	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
47	Jack Grealish of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
47	Jack Grealish from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
47	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
46	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
46	Moussa Sissoko puts in a cross...
46	Watford start a counter attack.
46	Safe hands from Daniel Bachmann as he comes out and claims the ball
46	Jack Grealish from Manchester City sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
45	Ball possession: Watford: 21%, Manchester City: 79%.
44	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
44	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
42	Safe hands from Daniel Bachmann as he comes out and claims the ball
42	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
41	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
41	Bernardo Silva of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
41	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
40	Great vision by Craig Cathcart from Watford as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
40	Great skill from Raheem Sterling as he dribbles past his opponents
40	Ball possession: Watford: 24%, Manchester City: 76%.
39	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
39	Phil Foden of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
39	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
38	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	The referee signals a free kick as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford trips Jack Grealish
38	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
37	Goal kick for Watford.
36	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Phil Foden puts in a cross...
36	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
35	Ball possession: Watford: 24%, Manchester City: 76%.
35	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	How did he miss that? Phil Foden has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
34	Poor play by William Troost-Ekong as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
34	Raheem Sterling puts in a cross...
33	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
33	Watford is in control of the ball.
31	The referee runs back to show Danny Rose from Watford a yellow card for the previous foul.
31	GOOOOOAAL! - Bernardo Silva reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
31	Daniel Bachmann saved a certain goal there! Ilkay Gundogan found himself in a great scoring position but Daniel Bachmann denied him with a great save
31	CHANCE! Ilkay Gundogan finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
31	Could be a good chance here as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
31	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
31	Ball possession: Watford: 21%, Manchester City: 79%.
31	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
30	Moussa Sissoko from Watford tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
30	Watford with a potentially dangerous attack.
30	Emmanuel Dennis shoots from outside the box, but Ederson Moraes has it under control
29	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Dias from Manchester City trips Joshua King
29	Joao Pedro from Watford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
29	Goal kick for Watford.
28	Ilkay Gundogan sees his shot deflected off target
28	Great skill from Ilkay Gundogan as he dribbles past his opponents
28	Jack Grealish of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
27	Goal kick for Watford.
26	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
26	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
26	Ball possession: Watford: 22%, Manchester City: 78%.
26	Great vision by Emmanuel Dennis from Watford as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
26	Manchester City start a counter attack.
26	Ederson Moraes relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the left.
25	Raheem Sterling clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
25	Watford with a potentially dangerous attack.
25	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
24	Goal kick for Watford.
24	Jack Grealish goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
24	Raheem Sterling of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
24	Great skill from Raheem Sterling as he dribbles past his opponents
24	Could be a good chance here as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
23	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
22	Watford is in control of the ball.
22	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
21	A shot from Jack Grealish takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
21	Great skill from Jack Grealish as he dribbles past his opponents
21	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
20	Ball possession: Watford: 21%, Manchester City: 79%.
19	Imran Louza is penalised for pushing Jack Grealish.
19	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
19	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	The referee signals a free kick as Rodri from Manchester City trips Joao Pedro
18	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
17	Good effort by Emmanuel Dennis as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
17	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
17	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
15	Ball possession: Watford: 21%, Manchester City: 79%.
15	The referee signals a free kick as Tom Cleverley from Watford trips Phil Foden
15	Joao Pedro from Watford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
15	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Emmanuel Dennis puts in a cross...
15	Could be a good chance here as Moussa Sissoko from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
15	Moussa Sissoko from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
15	Phil Foden from Manchester City makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
14	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
13	The referee signals a free kick as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford trips Joao Cancelo
13	Great vision by Joao Cancelo from Manchester City as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
12	Watford with a potentially dangerous attack.
12	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
11	Daniel Bachmann saved a certain goal there! Jack Grealish found himself in a great scoring position but Daniel Bachmann denied him with a great save
11	CHANCE! Jack Grealish finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
11	Phil Foden from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box.
10	Ball possession: Watford: 19%, Manchester City: 81%.
9	Jack Grealish has a great chance to score, but his header is saved by the keeper!
9	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
9	Aymeric Laporte sees his shot deflected off target
9	Ruben Dias from Manchester City heads the ball to a team mate.
9	Poor play by Craig Cathcart as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
9	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
8	Raheem Sterling forces a good save from Daniel Bachmann who turns the ball behind for a corner!
8	Great skill from Raheem Sterling as he dribbles past his opponents
7	Yellow card for Joshua King.
7	Dangerous challenge by Joshua King from Watford. Aymeric Laporte on the receiving end of that.
6	Watford is in control of the ball.
5	Ball possession: Watford: 30%, Manchester City: 70%.
4	Phil Foden provided the assist for the goal.
4	GOOOOOAAL! - Raheem Sterling from Manchester City heads the ball home!
4	Phil Foden puts in a cross...
4	Could be a good chance here as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
3	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
3	Great defending by Joao Pedro from Watford to prevent his team conceding a goal.
3	Aymeric Laporte has a great chance to score, but his header is somehow cleared off the line!
2	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
2	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
2	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
1	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Manchester City kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Vicarage Road Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Both teams could have won today but Newcastle United just managed to carve out the victory
95	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 47%, Burnley: 53%.
95	Burnley plays a short goal kick.
95	Joelinton from Newcastle United chips the ball into the penalty box.
95	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
94	Dwight McNeil from Burnley sends an effort wide of target
94	Chris Wood heads the ball back across goal...
93	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
93	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
93	Chris Wood heads the ball back across goal...
92	Burnley is in control of the ball.
92	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
91	Today's attendance is 51948.
91	Allan Saint-Maximin is leaving the field to be replaced by Jacob Murphy in a tactical substitution.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Dwight McNeil from Burnley crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
90	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Jonjo Shelvey relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Dwight McNeil from Burnley sends a deflected cross into the box.
90	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 48%, Burnley: 52%.
90	Joelinton relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	A player from Burnley takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
89	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	The game is restarted.
89	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
88	Dwight McNeil from Burnley crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
88	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Javier Manquillo from Newcastle United receives a yellow card for time wasting.
86	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
85	Miguel Almiron is leaving the field to be replaced by Federico Fernandez in a tactical substitution.
85	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 49%, Burnley: 51%.
84	Jay Rodriguez from Burnley is ruled offside.
84	Ashley Westwood of Burnley passes the ball to a team mate.
84	Chris Wood of Burnley passes the ball to a team mate.
83	Burnley is trying to create something here.
83	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
83	James Tarkowski from Burnley heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
82	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
82	Charlie Taylor from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
82	Burnley is trying to create something here.
81	Goal kick for Burnley.
81	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	Johann Berg Gudmundsson is leaving the field to be replaced by Jay Rodriguez in a tactical substitution.
80	Joelinton from Newcastle United successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
80	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
80	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 48%, Burnley: 52%.
80	It's a good hit from long range by Jonjo Shelvey who forces a save from Nick Pope. Corner kick.
80	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
79	Miguel Almiron heads the ball back across goal...
79	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
79	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
79	Johann Berg Gudmundsson relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
78	Miguel Almiron sees his shot deflected off target
78	Joelinton puts in a cross...
78	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Jonjo Shelvey puts in a cross...
78	Chris Wood relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
77	Allan Saint-Maximin sees his shot deflected off target
77	Poor play by Connor Roberts as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
77	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
76	Connor Roberts clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
76	Jonjo Shelvey swings in a cross from the free kick.
75	After a tactical foul, Nathan Collins sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
75	The referee signals a free kick as Nathan Collins from Burnley trips Callum Wilson
75	Goal kick for Burnley.
75	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 48%, Burnley: 52%.
75	Matthew Lowton is leaving the field to be replaced by Connor Roberts in a tactical substitution.
74	A shot by Miguel Almiron is blocked.
74	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
74	Burnley is in control of the ball.
74	Joseph Willock from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
74	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
73	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Jamal Lewis from Newcastle United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
73	Danger! Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
73	A shot by Callum Wilson is blocked.
73	A shot by Callum Wilson is blocked.
72	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
72	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
72	Johann Berg Gudmundsson puts in a cross...
72	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
72	Burnley is trying to create something here.
71	Nathan Collins relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Allan Saint-Maximin puts in a cross...
71	Nathan Collins relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Joseph Willock puts in a cross...
71	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
70	Burnley is in control of the ball.
70	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
70	The match is being played at a slow tempo with neither side having the upper hand
70	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 48%, Burnley: 52%.
69	Matej Vydra is penalised for pushing Jamal Lewis.
69	A shot by Johann Berg Gudmundsson is blocked.
69	Burnley is trying to create something here.
69	Joseph Willock relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	A player from Burnley takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
68	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
68	The referee signals a free kick as Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United trips Ashley Westwood
68	Nick Pope relieves the pressure with a clearance
67	Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
67	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
67	Fabian Schaer from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
67	Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
67	Jonjo Shelvey swings in a cross from the free kick.
66	Dangerous challenge by Nathan Collins from Burnley. Callum Wilson on the receiving end of that.
66	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
65	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 48%, Burnley: 52%.
64	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
64	Danger averted there as Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United clears the danger with a good tackle
64	Burnley is trying to create something here.
64	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
62	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
62	Burnley is trying to create something here.
62	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
61	A shot by Allan Saint-Maximin is blocked.
61	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
61	Dangerous challenge by James Tarkowski from Burnley. Joelinton on the receiving end of that.
60	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
60	Johann Berg Gudmundsson goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
60	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 49%, Burnley: 51%.
59	The ref blows his whistle. Allan Saint-Maximin charged Johann Berg Gudmundsson from behind and it's a free-kick
59	Poor play by Jamaal Lascelles as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
59	Josh Brownhill puts in a cross...
59	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
58	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
58	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
56	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
56	The game is restarted.
56	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
56	Miguel Almiron forces a good save from Nick Pope who turns the ball behind for a corner!
55	Danger! Callum Wilson from Newcastle United successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
55	Newcastle United with a potentially dangerous attack.
55	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 49%, Burnley: 51%.
55	Callum Wilson comes back onto the field.
55	Nathan Collins comes back onto the field.
55	The match resumes with a drop ball.
54	Nathan Collins is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
54	Callum Wilson is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
53	Callum Wilson is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
53	Nathan Collins is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
53	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
53	Martin Dubravka comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
53	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
53	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
52	Charlie Taylor from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
52	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Burnley is trying to create something here.
51	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
51	Allan Saint-Maximin shoots from outside the box, but Nick Pope has it under control
50	A shot by Miguel Almiron is blocked.
50	Joseph Willock from Newcastle United chips the ball into the penalty box.
50	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
50	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 48%, Burnley: 52%.
49	Dangerous challenge by Dwight McNeil from Burnley. Miguel Almiron on the receiving end of that.
49	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Burnley is in control of the ball.
49	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
49	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
48	Chris Wood from Burnley chips the ball into the penalty box.
48	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Nick Pope relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Allan Saint-Maximin sends a long ball upfield.
48	Burnley is trying to create something here.
47	Charlie Taylor relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
47	Matthew Lowton clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
47	Jamal Lewis from Newcastle United chips the ball into the penalty box.
47	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United trips Dwight McNeil
46	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
46	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
46	The second half is underway.
50	The only goal scored by Newcastle United gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 47%, Burnley: 53%.
50	Goal kick for Burnley.
49	How did he miss that? Joseph Willock has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
49	A chance opens up as Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United successfully finds a team mate in the area...
49	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
49	Joelinton relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
49	Burnley is trying to create something here.
49	Callum Wilson relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
48	The referee signals a free kick as Joelinton from Newcastle United trips Johann Berg Gudmundsson
48	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
47	CHANCE! Matej Vydra has a great chance to score but his volleyed effort fails to hit the target!
47	Matthew Lowton from Burnley puts in a great cross...
47	Burnley is trying to create something here.
47	Charlie Taylor relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Javier Manquillo puts in a cross...
46	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
46	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
46	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 49%, Burnley: 51%.
45	A shot by Jonjo Shelvey is blocked.
45	A shot by Joelinton is blocked.
44	Joelinton from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
44	Burnley is in control of the ball.
44	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
44	Javier Manquillo from Newcastle United is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
43	Johann Berg Gudmundsson puts in a cross...
43	Burnley is in control of the ball.
42	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Newcastle United managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
40	Fabian Schaer provided the assist for the goal.
40	GOOOOOAAL! - Callum Wilson scores with the right foot!
40	Nick Pope comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
40	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
40	Joseph Willock puts in a cross...
40	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
40	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 47%, Burnley: 53%.
39	A shot by Miguel Almiron is blocked.
39	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
39	Joseph Willock from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
39	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
38	Great vision by Matthew Lowton from Burnley as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
38	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
37	Joelinton from Newcastle United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Nathan Collins
37	Danger averted there as Josh Brownhill from Burnley clears the danger with a good tackle
36	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
36	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
36	Burnley is in control of the ball.
35	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
35	Jonjo Shelvey puts in a cross...
35	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 49%, Burnley: 51%.
35	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
34	Callum Wilson relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Dwight McNeil swings in a cross from the free kick.
34	Dangerous challenge by Fabian Schaer from Newcastle United. Dwight McNeil on the receiving end of that.
33	Burnley is in control of the ball.
33	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	Fabian Schaer comes back onto the field.
32	The game is restarted.
32	Fabian Schaer is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
32	Maxwel Cornet is injured and is replaced by Matej Vydra.
31	Maxwel Cornet is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
30	Fabian Schaer is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
30	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 50%, Burnley: 50%.
30	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
29	A shot by Callum Wilson is blocked.
29	Allan Saint-Maximin puts in a cross...
29	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
28	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
28	Burnley is trying to create something here.
27	Javier Manquillo comes back onto the field.
27	The match resumes with a drop ball.
27	Javier Manquillo is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
26	Javier Manquillo is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
26	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
26	Burnley is trying to create something here.
25	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Nick Pope from Burnley fails to clear the ball properly and gives away a throw-in to the opponent team.
25	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 54%, Burnley: 46%.
24	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Burnley is trying to create something here.
24	A chance opens up as Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United successfully finds a team mate in the area...
24	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
23	Danger averted there as Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United clears the danger with a good tackle
23	Charlie Taylor from Burnley takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
23	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
23	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Goal kick for Burnley.
22	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
22	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
22	Burnley is in control of the ball.
22	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
21	Maxwel Cornet sends a header towards goal, but Martin Dubravka is there to comfortably save it
21	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
21	Charlie Taylor from Burnley takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
21	Burnley is trying to create something here.
20	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Dangerous challenge by Josh Brownhill from Burnley. Joelinton on the receiving end of that.
20	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 56%, Burnley: 44%.
20	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	A shot by Josh Brownhill is blocked.
20	James Tarkowski from Burnley tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
19	Poor play by Joelinton as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
19	James Tarkowski heads the ball back across goal...
19	Callum Wilson is penalised for pushing James Tarkowski.
18	Goal kick for Burnley.
18	Joseph Willock from Newcastle United crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
17	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United takes a short corner kick from the left.
17	Matthew Lowton clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
17	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Charlie Taylor from Burnley goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Javier Manquillo
16	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
15	Dangerous challenge by Ashley Westwood from Burnley. Jonjo Shelvey on the receiving end of that.
15	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 56%, Burnley: 44%.
14	Obstruction as Chris Wood cuts off the run of Martin Dubravka. A free-kick is awarded.
14	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
13	POST! So nearly a goal by Johann Berg Gudmundsson but his finish hits the post!
13	A chance opens up as Josh Brownhill from Burnley successfully finds a team mate in the area...
13	Poor play by Martin Dubravka as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
13	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
13	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
12	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Burnley is in control of the ball.
12	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United sends a deflected cross into the box.
12	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
12	Joelinton relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
11	The referee signals a free kick as Joelinton from Newcastle United trips Johann Berg Gudmundsson
11	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	The game is restarted.
10	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
10	Chris Wood takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
10	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 66%, Burnley: 34%.
9	The referee signals a free kick as Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United trips Johann Berg Gudmundsson
8	Burnley is trying to create something here.
8	The referee signals a free kick as Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United trips Charlie Taylor
8	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
7	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
7	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
7	Burnley is trying to create something here.
7	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
6	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley sends an effort wide of target
6	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 50%, Burnley: 50%.
5	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
4	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Jonjo Shelvey puts in a cross...
3	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
3	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Miguel Almiron is penalised for pushing Charlie Taylor.
2	The game is in a period of relative inactivity, with neither side able to apply pressure.
2	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
1	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Burnley kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to St James' Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
101	Today's attendance is 28706.
101	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
101	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
101	Ball possession: Southampton: 45%, Brighton: 55%.
100	Southampton is trying to create something here.
100	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
100	James Ward-Prowse puts in a cross...
100	A shot by James Ward-Prowse is blocked.
100	Nathan Redmond of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
100	Oriol Romeu of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
100	Southampton is trying to create something here.
100	Brighton is in control of the ball.
99	With that goal, Brighton equalised. Game on!
98	Jakub Moder provided the assist for the goal.
98	GOOOOOAAL! - Neal Maupay scores with the right foot!
98	Jakub Moder of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
98	Jakub Moder takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
97	Yellow card for Oriol Romeu.
97	The referee signals a free kick as Oriol Romeu from Southampton trips Enock Mwepu
97	Brighton start a counter attack.
97	James Ward-Prowse could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
96	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
96	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
96	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
96	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
95	Ball possession: Southampton: 43%, Brighton: 57%.
95	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
95	Goal kick for Southampton.
94	Yellow card for Mohamed Elyounoussi.
94	Mohamed Elyounoussi is penalised for pushing Jakub Moder.
94	Southampton is trying to create something here.
94	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton takes a short corner kick from the left.
93	Daniel Burn clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
93	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
93	Could be a good chance here as Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
93	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
93	Southampton is trying to create something here.
93	Jakub Moder from Brighton crosses a free kick, but his teammate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
92	The referee signals a free kick as Valentino Livramento from Southampton trips Solly March
91	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	The referee signals a free kick as Enock Mwepu from Brighton trips Oriol Romeu
91	The fourth official shows there are 10 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Brighton is trying to create something here.
90	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
90	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
90	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Ball possession: Southampton: 43%, Brighton: 57%.
90	The game is restarted.
90	Brighton end the game with ten men because Leandro Trossard has had to leave the pitch and Brighton have no subs left.
85	Ball possession: Southampton: 43%, Brighton: 57%.
84	Nathan Tella is leaving the field to be replaced by Mohamed Elyounoussi in a tactical substitution.
84	Leandro Trossard is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
83	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
83	Nathan Redmond is penalised for pushing Leandro Trossard.
83	Valentino Livramento from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
83	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Southampton is trying to create something here.
82	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
82	Jakub Moder from Brighton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
82	Neal Maupay of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
82	Poor play by Mohammed Salisu as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
81	Leandro Trossard from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
81	Brighton is trying to create something here.
81	Armando Broja is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Armstrong in a tactical substitution.
80	Ball possession: Southampton: 43%, Brighton: 57%.
80	Mohammed Salisu from Southampton receives a yellow card for time wasting.
80	Obstruction as Oriol Romeu cuts off the run of Leandro Trossard. A free-kick is awarded.
80	Armando Broja comes back onto the field.
79	The game is restarted.
79	Armando Broja is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
79	Armando Broja is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
78	Joel Veltman is injured and is replaced by Jakub Moder.
78	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
78	The referee signals a free kick as Marc Cucurella from Brighton trips Armando Broja
77	Alex McCarthy from Southampton makes a great save.
77	Alex McCarthy saved a certain goal there! Neal Maupay found himself in a great scoring position but Alex McCarthy denied him with a great save
77	Aaron Connolly of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
77	Could be a good chance here as Solly March from Brighton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
77	Brighton is trying to create something here.
77	Brighton is trying to create something here.
77	Brighton is in control of the ball.
76	A shot by Aaron Connolly is blocked.
76	Marc Cucurella of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
76	Brighton is trying to create something here.
76	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Robert Sanchez relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Nathan Redmond from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
75	Nathan Redmond from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
75	Southampton is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: Southampton: 43%, Brighton: 57%.
75	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Yellow card for Yves Bissouma.
74	The referee signals a free kick as Yves Bissouma from Brighton trips James Ward-Prowse
73	Dangerous challenge by Che Adams from Southampton. Shane Duffy on the receiving end of that.
73	Joel Veltman comes back onto the field.
73	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	A player from Brighton takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
72	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	Lyanco relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Neal Maupay from Brighton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
72	A player from Brighton takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
72	The game is restarted.
71	Joel Veltman from Brighton is leaving the pitch because his nose is bleeding.
70	Ball possession: Southampton: 44%, Brighton: 56%.
70	Joel Veltman is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
70	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
69	Yellow card for Nathan Tella.
69	Nathan Tella from Southampton commits a foul by elbowing Joel Veltman
69	The referee signals a free kick as Solly March from Brighton trips Nathan Tella
69	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	The match is being played at a slow tempo with neither side having the upper hand
68	Goal kick for Brighton.
67	Valentino Livramento from Southampton makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
67	Valentino Livramento from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
67	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
67	Southampton is in control of the ball.
67	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
67	Leandro Trossard puts in a cross...
67	Brighton is trying to create something here.
66	The referee signals a free kick as Solly March from Brighton trips James Ward-Prowse
66	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Oriol Romeu from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
65	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
65	Ball possession: Southampton: 42%, Brighton: 58%.
65	Brighton is in control of the ball.
65	Che Adams comes back onto the field.
64	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
64	The game is restarted.
64	Che Adams is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
64	Che Adams is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
64	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
63	Tariq Lamptey is leaving the field to be replaced by Solly March in a tactical substitution.
63	Valentino Livramento from Southampton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
63	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Southampton is trying to create something here.
62	Armando Broja of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
62	Nathan Tella of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
62	Southampton is trying to create something here.
61	Brighton is in control of the ball.
61	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: Southampton: 42%, Brighton: 58%.
60	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
59	Brighton is trying to create something here.
59	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
59	James Ward-Prowse relieves the pressure with a clearance
59	Leandro Trossard swings in a cross from the free kick.
58	Lyanco is penalised for pushing Aaron Connolly.
57	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Goal kick for Southampton.
57	Neal Maupay sends a shot inches wide. Close!
57	Yves Bissouma of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
56	Brighton is trying to create something here.
56	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Nathan Tella from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joel Veltman
56	Goal kick for Brighton.
55	Pascal Gross is leaving the field to be replaced by Aaron Connolly in a tactical substitution.
55	Ball possession: Southampton: 42%, Brighton: 58%.
55	Che Adams from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
55	Che Adams from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
55	Southampton is trying to create something here.
54	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
53	Goal kick for Brighton.
53	James Ward-Prowse goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
52	The referee signals a free kick as Yves Bissouma from Brighton trips Nathan Tella
51	Dangerous challenge by James Ward-Prowse from Southampton. Yves Bissouma on the receiving end of that.
51	Goal kick for Brighton.
50	Ball possession: Southampton: 43%, Brighton: 57%.
50	Che Adams sends a shot inches wide. Close!
50	Valentino Livramento of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
50	Could be a good chance here as Nathan Redmond from Southampton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
50	Nathan Redmond from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
50	Southampton start a counter attack.
50	Brighton is in control of the ball.
50	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	Daniel Burn is penalised for pushing Che Adams.
49	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Leandro Trossard from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
48	Brighton start a counter attack.
48	Lyanco could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
48	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
47	That's a great ball by Enock Mwepu from Brighton. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
47	Leandro Trossard of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
47	Brighton is trying to create something here.
46	Brighton is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
47	The only goal scored by Southampton gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Southampton: 46%, Brighton: 54%.
47	Oriol Romeu is penalised for pushing Leandro Trossard.
46	Nathan Tella from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
46	Nathan Tella from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
46	Southampton is trying to create something here.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Southampton: 47%, Brighton: 53%.
45	The referee runs back to show Shane Duffy from Brighton a yellow card for the previous foul.
45	Joel Veltman is penalised for pushing Che Adams.
45	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
44	Brighton is trying to create something here.
44	Great vision by Shane Duffy from Brighton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
44	Nathan Tella puts in a cross...
44	Shane Duffy from Brighton concedes a foul on Armando Broja but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
44	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
44	Brighton is in control of the ball.
43	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Goal kick for Brighton.
41	Nathan Tella fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
41	Yves Bissouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
40	Pascal Gross clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
40	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
40	Great skill from Kyle Walker-Peters as he dribbles past his opponents
40	Could be a good chance here as Nathan Tella from Southampton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
40	Southampton is trying to create something here.
40	Ball possession: Southampton: 46%, Brighton: 54%.
40	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Yves Bissouma is penalised for pushing James Ward-Prowse.
39	The game is restarted.
39	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
38	Nathan Tella is penalised for pushing Tariq Lamptey.
38	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Brighton is in control of the ball.
37	Nathan Redmond is penalised for pushing Leandro Trossard.
37	A shot by Mohammed Salisu is blocked.
37	Lyanco from Southampton heads the ball to a team mate.
37	Poor play by Daniel Burn as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
36	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
36	Yves Bissouma clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
36	Nathan Redmond from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
36	Southampton is trying to create something here.
35	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
35	Neal Maupay from Brighton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
35	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
35	Ball possession: Southampton: 49%, Brighton: 51%.
34	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Brighton is in control of the ball.
34	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Goal kick for Brighton.
33	Great vision by Pascal Gross from Brighton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
32	Nathan Tella puts in a cross...
32	Southampton is trying to create something here.
31	Nathan Redmond from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
31	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Brighton is in control of the ball.
30	Ball possession: Southampton: 48%, Brighton: 52%.
30	Southampton managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
29	Nathan Redmond provided the assist for the goal.
29	GOOOOOAAL! - Armando Broja scores with the right foot!
29	Great skill from Armando Broja as he dribbles past his opponents
29	Oriol Romeu from Southampton heads the ball to a team mate.
29	Southampton start a counter attack.
28	Brighton is in control of the ball.
28	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Joel Veltman from Brighton heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
28	Shane Duffy from Brighton heads the ball to a team mate.
28	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
27	Mohammed Salisu clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
27	Leandro Trossard from Brighton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
27	Leandro Trossard from Brighton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
27	Brighton is trying to create something here.
27	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Brighton is in control of the ball.
26	Brighton is in control of the ball.
26	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
25	The referee signals a free kick as Shane Duffy from Brighton trips Che Adams
25	Ball possession: Southampton: 50%, Brighton: 50%.
25	Southampton is trying to create something here.
25	Leandro Trossard tests Alex McCarthy with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
25	Tariq Lamptey of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
24	Brighton is in control of the ball.
24	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Nathan Tella
23	Nathan Tella from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joel Veltman
23	Southampton is in control of the ball.
22	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Goal kick for Brighton.
22	Che Adams sends a shot inches wide. Close!
22	Nathan Tella of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
22	Southampton start a counter attack.
22	Robert Sanchez could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
21	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Goal kick for Brighton.
20	Che Adams from Southampton sends an effort wide of target
20	Could be a good chance here as Oriol Romeu from Southampton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
20	Southampton is trying to create something here.
20	Joel Veltman relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	James Ward-Prowse puts in a cross...
20	Ball possession: Southampton: 50%, Brighton: 50%.
20	Southampton is trying to create something here.
19	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Armando Broja from Southampton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
19	Mohammed Salisu puts in a cross...
19	Marc Cucurella relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
19	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
18	Goal kick for Southampton.
18	Shane Duffy from Brighton heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
18	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
17	Enock Mwepu forces a good save from Alex McCarthy who turns the ball behind for a corner!
17	Leandro Trossard puts in a cross...
17	Leandro Trossard of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
17	Could be a good chance here as Pascal Gross from Brighton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
17	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
17	Brighton is trying to create something here.
16	A shot by Neal Maupay is blocked.
16	Pascal Gross puts in a cross...
16	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Great vision by Mohammed Salisu from Southampton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
16	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: Southampton: 55%, Brighton: 45%.
15	Leandro Trossard from Brighton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
15	Marc Cucurella of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
15	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Goal kick for Brighton.
14	Valentino Livramento goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
14	Oriol Romeu from Southampton heads the ball to a team mate.
14	Poor play by Daniel Burn as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
13	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
13	Lyanco sees his shot deflected off target
13	Armando Broja from Southampton heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
13	Nathan Redmond puts in a cross...
13	Southampton is trying to create something here.
13	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
12	Great defending by Shane Duffy from Brighton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
12	Shane Duffy clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
12	Valentino Livramento from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
12	Valentino Livramento from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
11	Southampton is trying to create something here.
11	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
11	Joel Veltman relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	Armando Broja from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
11	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
10	Brighton is in control of the ball.
10	Ball possession: Southampton: 46%, Brighton: 54%.
9	Southampton is in control of the ball.
9	Dangerous challenge by Enock Mwepu from Brighton. Oriol Romeu on the receiving end of that.
9	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Enock Mwepu from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
9	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
8	A shot by Yves Bissouma is blocked.
8	A shot by Enock Mwepu is blocked.
8	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
8	Could be a good chance here as Neal Maupay from Brighton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
7	Brighton is trying to create something here.
7	Goal kick for Brighton.
7	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
7	Lyanco sends a long ball upfield.
7	Southampton is trying to create something here.
6	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
6	Should have been a goal! Armando Broja gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Robert Sanchez!
6	Great skill from Armando Broja as he dribbles past his opponents
6	Nathan Redmond of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
6	Southampton start a counter attack.
6	Brighton is in control of the ball.
6	Brighton is in control of the ball.
5	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ball possession: Southampton: 50%, Brighton: 50%.
5	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Brighton is in control of the ball.
5	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
4	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
4	Robert Sanchez saved a certain goal there! Che Adams found himself in a great scoring position but Robert Sanchez denied him with a great save
4	Robert Sanchez saved a certain goal there! Armando Broja found himself in a great scoring position but Robert Sanchez denied him with a great save
4	Armando Broja from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
4	Could be a good chance here as Che Adams from Southampton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
4	Southampton start a counter attack.
4	Brighton is trying to create something here.
3	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Valentino Livramento is penalised for pushing Marc Cucurella.
3	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Brighton is in control of the ball.
1	Brighton is in control of the ball.
1	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Southampton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to St. Mary's Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Today's attendance is 41400.
95	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
94	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
94	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
94	Great skill from Raheem Sterling as he dribbles past his opponents
93	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
92	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	The referee signals a free kick as Rodri from Manchester City trips John McGinn
90	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
90	Riyad Mahrez sends a direct free kick on target, but the keeper saves it.
89	The referee signals a free kick as Morgan Sanson from Aston Villa trips Bernardo Silva
89	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
88	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
88	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
88	Goal kick for Manchester City.
87	Gabriel Jesus is leaving the field to be replaced by Jack Grealish in a tactical substitution.
87	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
87	Douglas Luiz swings in a cross from the free kick.
86	The referee signals a free kick as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City trips John McGinn
86	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
86	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
85	John McGinn puts in a cross...
85	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 35%, Manchester City: 65%.
85	Bernardo Silva is penalised for pushing Morgan Sanson.
84	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Bernardo Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Morgan Sanson puts in a cross...
83	Rodri hand-balls.
82	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	Carney Chukwuemeka from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
82	Oleksandr Zinchenko relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Ashley Young puts in a cross...
81	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
81	Joao Cancelo relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
80	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 35%, Manchester City: 65%.
79	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
79	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
77	Marvelous Nakamba is leaving the field to be replaced by Morgan Sanson in a tactical substitution.
77	Tyrone Mings is penalised for pushing Ederson Moraes.
77	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
76	Rodri relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
75	Should have been a goal! Carney Chukwuemeka gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Ederson Moraes!
75	CHANCE! Carney Chukwuemeka finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
75	Danger! Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
75	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 34%, Manchester City: 66%.
75	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
74	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
74	John McGinn from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
73	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
73	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
72	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
72	Gabriel Jesus goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
72	Bernardo Silva puts in a cross...
72	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
71	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
70	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
70	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
70	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
70	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
69	Danger! Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
69	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
68	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
67	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
67	Matt Targett is injured and is replaced by Carney Chukwuemeka.
65	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
64	Matt Targett is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
63	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
63	John McGinn from Aston Villa crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
62	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
60	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
60	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
60	A chance presents itself to Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa but his header goes wide
60	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
59	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	John McGinn puts in a cross...
59	Fernandinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Douglas Luiz swings in a cross from the free kick.
57	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City trips Ollie Watkins
57	Gabriel Jesus shoots from outside the box, but Emiliano Martinez has it under control
57	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
57	Gabriel Jesus sees his shot deflected off target
56	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
56	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 35%, Manchester City: 65%.
56	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Great skill from Bernardo Silva as he dribbles past his opponents
56	Danger! Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
55	The referee signals a free kick as Matt Targett from Aston Villa trips Riyad Mahrez
55	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
54	Fernandinho puts in a cross...
53	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
53	Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
53	A chance opens up as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
53	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
52	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
51	Marvelous Nakamba relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Raheem Sterling puts in a cross...
51	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
51	A shot by Joao Cancelo is blocked.
51	Ezri Konsa relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Oleksandr Zinchenko puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 38%, Manchester City: 62%.
50	The referee signals a free kick as Matty Cash from Aston Villa trips Oleksandr Zinchenko
50	The referee signals a free kick as Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa trips Ruben Dias
49	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
49	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
49	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
47	Douglas Luiz provided the assist for the goal.
47	GOOOOOAAL! - Ollie Watkins scores with the right foot!
47	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
47	Oleksandr Zinchenko clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
46	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 38%, Manchester City: 62%.
48	Tyrone Mings clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
48	Riyad Mahrez puts in a cross...
47	The referee signals a free kick as Matty Cash from Aston Villa trips Oleksandr Zinchenko
47	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
46	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
45	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 39%, Manchester City: 61%.
43	A contender for goal of the season!
43	Gabriel Jesus provided the assist for the goal.
43	GOOOOOAAL! - Bernardo Silva volleys the ball into the back of the net with the left. A great finish!
43	Gabriel Jesus puts in a cross...
43	Fernandinho carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
43	Manchester City start a counter attack.
43	Joao Cancelo relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
42	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City trips Matt Targett
40	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 42%, Manchester City: 58%.
40	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
39	Fernandinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Douglas Luiz swings in a cross from the free kick.
38	The referee signals a free kick as Fernandinho from Manchester City trips Douglas Luiz
38	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
38	Rodri from Manchester City crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
37	The referee signals a free kick as Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa trips Fernandinho
37	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	A shot by Fernandinho is blocked.
36	Douglas Luiz relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
36	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 41%, Manchester City: 59%.
36	Emiliano Martinez clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
35	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
35	A chance presents itself to Ruben Dias from Manchester City but his header goes wide
35	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
34	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
34	A shot by Riyad Mahrez is blocked.
34	Great skill from Riyad Mahrez as he dribbles past his opponents
34	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
33	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
32	The match resumes with a drop ball.
31	Leon Bailey is injured and is replaced by Ashley Young.
30	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 40%, Manchester City: 60%.
30	Leon Bailey is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
30	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
29	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
29	A shot by Emiliano Buendia is blocked.
29	Douglas Luiz puts in a cross...
27	Raheem Sterling provided the assist for the goal.
27	GOOOOOAAL! - Ruben Dias from Manchester City beats the keeper from outside the box with the left foot!
27	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
27	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
27	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
26	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
26	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
26	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
25	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
25	Matt Targett relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Raheem Sterling puts in a cross...
25	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
25	Matty Cash from Aston Villa plays a cheeky 1-2 with Leon Bailey.
24	Aston Villa start a counter attack.
24	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
23	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Rodri
23	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
22	Oleksandr Zinchenko shoots from outside the box, but Emiliano Martinez has it under control
22	Ezri Konsa sends a header towards goal, but Ederson Moraes is there to comfortably save it
22	John McGinn swings in a cross from the free kick.
22	Rodri is penalised for pushing Marvelous Nakamba.
21	Matt Targett from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
21	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Nathan Ake relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Douglas Luiz puts in a cross...
20	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
20	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 28%, Manchester City: 72%.
20	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
19	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
18	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
18	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
17	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
17	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	A shot by Emiliano Buendia is blocked.
16	The referee signals a free kick as Fernandinho from Manchester City trips Douglas Luiz
15	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 21%, Manchester City: 79%.
15	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
14	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	The match resumes with a drop ball.
14	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
13	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Raheem Sterling puts in a cross...
13	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
13	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
13	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Ruben Dias is penalised for pushing Ollie Watkins.
12	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
12	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City chips the ball into the penalty box.
12	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
11	A shot by Leon Bailey is blocked.
11	A chance opens up as Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa successfully finds a team mate in the area...
11	Great skill from Ollie Watkins as he dribbles past his opponents
11	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
11	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
11	Danger! Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
10	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 18%, Manchester City: 82%.
10	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Dias from Manchester City trips Ollie Watkins
9	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
8	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
7	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
7	Rodri from Manchester City heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
7	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
6	John McGinn clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
6	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
5	The referee signals a free kick as Oleksandr Zinchenko from Manchester City trips Leon Bailey
5	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 50%, Manchester City: 50%.
5	Ezri Konsa relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
5	John McGinn clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
4	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
4	Rodri forces a good save from Emiliano Martinez who turns the ball behind for a corner!
4	A chance opens up as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
4	Great skill from Raheem Sterling as he dribbles past his opponents
4	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
4	A shot by Gabriel Jesus is blocked.
4	Great skill from Gabriel Jesus as he dribbles past his opponents
3	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
2	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
2	Poor play by Tyrone Mings as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
2	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
2	Joao Cancelo forces a good save from Emiliano Martinez who turns the ball behind for a corner!
1	A chance opens up as Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
1	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
1	It's a cold day for playing football.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Manchester City kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Villa Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Liverpool with a deserved victory after a fine display
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 40000.
94	Ball possession: Everton: 31%, Liverpool: 69%.
93	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
93	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
93	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
93	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
92	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Anthony Gordon
92	Abdoulaye Doucoure is penalised for pushing James Milner.
91	Allan from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
91	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool tries to play a 1-2 with Sadio Mane, but the ball is intercepted.
90	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
90	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
90	Ball possession: Everton: 31%, Liverpool: 69%.
90	Seamus Coleman from Everton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Sadio Mane
89	James Milner relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
89	A shot by Richarlison is blocked.
88	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Diogo Jota is leaving the field to be replaced by Takumi Minamino in a tactical substitution.
88	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
88	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
87	Goal kick for Everton.
87	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
86	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
85	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Ball possession: Everton: 32%, Liverpool: 68%.
85	Demarai Gray is leaving the field to be replaced by Cenk Tosun in a tactical substitution.
84	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
84	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
83	Goal kick for Everton.
83	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
83	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
83	Jordan Henderson is leaving the field to be replaced by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in a tactical substitution.
82	A shot by Andrew Robertson is blocked.
82	Sadio Mane of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
82	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
82	Danger averted there as Seamus Coleman from Everton clears the danger with a good tackle
82	Liverpool start a counter attack.
81	Jordan Henderson is penalised for pushing Lucas Digne.
81	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
81	Lucas Digne from Everton takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
80	Yellow card for Virgil van Dijk.
80	Dangerous challenge by Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool. Anthony Gordon on the receiving end of that.
80	Ball possession: Everton: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
79	The Everton fans have had enough. They are leaving the stadium.
79	A great goal by Diogo Jota
79	Andrew Robertson provided the assist for the goal.
79	GOOOOOAAL! - Diogo Jota scores with the left foot!
79	Could be a good chance here as Andrew Robertson from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
78	The match resumes with a drop ball.
77	The match is on hold due to crowd disturbance.
77	Richarlison from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
76	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
75	Thiago Alcantara is leaving the field to be replaced by James Milner in a tactical substitution.
75	The referee signals a free kick as Anthony Gordon from Everton trips Sadio Mane
75	Ball possession: Everton: 32%, Liverpool: 68%.
74	The ref blows his whistle. Fabinho charged Abdoulaye Doucoure from behind and it's a free-kick
73	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Andros Townsend is leaving the field to be replaced by Fabian Delph in a tactical substitution.
72	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	The referee signals a free kick as Fabinho from Liverpool trips Demarai Gray
72	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Sadio Mane is penalised for pushing Michael Keane.
70	Goal kick for Everton.
70	A chance presents itself to Diogo Jota from Liverpool but his header goes wide
70	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
70	Ball possession: Everton: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
70	Ben Godfrey clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
70	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
69	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
68	Richarlison from Everton is ruled offside.
68	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
68	Richarlison from Everton is ruled offside.
67	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
67	Richarlison from Everton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
66	Dangerous challenge by Sadio Mane from Liverpool. Jordan Pickford on the receiving end of that.
66	Diogo Jota from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Ball possession: Everton: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
65	A fantastic individual effort by Mohamed Salah!
64	GOOOOOAAL! - Mohamed Salah finds the net with the left foot!
64	CHANCE! Mohamed Salah finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
64	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
64	Liverpool start a counter attack.
64	Seamus Coleman could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
64	Andrew Robertson relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
64	Andros Townsend takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
63	After a tactical foul, Andrew Robertson sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
63	Andrew Robertson is penalised for pushing Anthony Gordon.
62	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Jordan Pickford relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
61	Michael Keane clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
61	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
61	Michael Keane clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
61	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
60	Poor play by Seamus Coleman as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
60	Could be a good chance here as Jordan Henderson from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
60	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Ball possession: Everton: 34%, Liverpool: 66%.
59	The match resumes with a drop ball.
59	Jose Salomon Rondon is injured and is replaced by Anthony Gordon.
59	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
58	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
58	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
57	Jose Salomon Rondon comes back onto the field.
57	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
57	The game is restarted.
57	Jose Salomon Rondon is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
57	Jose Salomon Rondon is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
57	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
57	Richarlison fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
57	Demarai Gray sends a long ball upfield.
56	Danger averted there as Joel Matip from Liverpool clears the danger with a good tackle
56	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
56	Goal kick for Everton.
55	Thiago Alcantara from Liverpool fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
55	Ben Godfrey relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
55	Virgil van Dijk takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
55	Ball possession: Everton: 34%, Liverpool: 66%.
53	The referee signals a free kick as Ben Godfrey from Everton trips Diogo Jota
53	Goal kick for Everton.
53	Mohamed Salah fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
53	Ben Godfrey relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
52	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
52	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
52	Joel Matip clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
51	Demarai Gray puts in a cross...
51	Thiago Alcantara from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
50	Liverpool start a counter attack.
50	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Ball possession: Everton: 34%, Liverpool: 66%.
49	Diogo Jota is penalised for pushing Michael Keane.
49	Sadio Mane has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
49	Could be a good chance here as Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
49	Liverpool start a counter attack.
48	Thiago Alcantara is penalised for pushing Andros Townsend.
48	Allan relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
47	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
47	Abdoulaye Doucoure sends a header towards goal, but Alisson Becker is there to comfortably save it
47	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
46	Danger averted there as Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool clears the danger with a good tackle
46	Could be a good chance here as Richarlison from Everton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
46	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Everton is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
49	Liverpool has been the better team in this half
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Everton: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
49	A shot by Abdoulaye Doucoure is blocked.
49	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
48	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool is ruled offside.
48	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
48	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
47	Diogo Jota from Liverpool sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
47	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
46	Great defending by Ben Godfrey from Everton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
46	Sadio Mane from Liverpool heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
46	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
46	Could be a good chance here as Mohamed Salah from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
45	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Ball possession: Everton: 34%, Liverpool: 66%.
44	Demarai Gray is booked for diving.
44	Demarai Gray throws himself to the ground, attempting to win a free-kick, but the ref is not having it
44	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	Diogo Jota from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
43	Goal kick for Everton.
43	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
42	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
42	Demarai Gray from Everton is ruled offside.
42	Seamus Coleman relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
42	Liverpool start a counter attack.
41	The match resumes with a drop ball.
40	The referee shows Lucas Digne the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
40	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
40	Ball possession: Everton: 37%, Liverpool: 63%.
39	Thiago Alcantara from Liverpool is booked after several commited fouls.
39	Thiago Alcantara is penalised for pushing Allan.
39	With the goal, Everton have reduced their deficit. Will they be capable of pulling something out of the game?
38	Richarlison provided the assist for the goal.
38	GOOOOOAAL! - Demarai Gray scores with the right foot!
38	Could be a good chance here as Richarlison from Everton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
38	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Everton is in control of the ball.
37	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
37	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
36	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Andrew Robertson comes back onto the field.
35	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	The game is restarted.
35	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool is leaving the pitch because his nose is bleeding.
35	Ball possession: Everton: 39%, Liverpool: 61%.
34	Andrew Robertson is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
34	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
34	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
33	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	The game is restarted.
31	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
31	Yellow card for Allan.
31	Reckless challenge there. Allan commits a rough foul on Diogo Jota
30	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Danger averted there as Michael Keane from Everton clears the danger with a good tackle
30	Liverpool start a counter attack.
30	Demarai Gray from Everton crosses a free kick, but his teammate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
30	Ball possession: Everton: 42%, Liverpool: 58%.
29	Dangerous challenge by Thiago Alcantara from Liverpool. Allan on the receiving end of that.
29	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Andros Townsend swings in a cross from the free kick.
28	The referee signals a free kick as Thiago Alcantara from Liverpool trips Andros Townsend
28	A shot by Demarai Gray is blocked.
27	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool concedes a foul on Demarai Gray but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
27	The ref blows his whistle. Andrew Robertson charged Andros Townsend from behind and it's a free-kick
27	Everton is in control of the ball.
26	A shot by Thiago Alcantara is blocked.
26	Diogo Jota of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
26	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
26	Sadio Mane tests Jordan Pickford with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
25	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
25	Great defending by Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool to prevent his team conceding a goal.
25	Great skill from Demarai Gray as he dribbles past his opponents
25	Could be a good chance here as Richarlison from Everton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
25	Ball possession: Everton: 46%, Liverpool: 54%.
24	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
24	Goal kick for Everton.
23	Joel Matip from Liverpool passes the ball, but his team mate can't benefit from it.
23	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
22	Jose Salomon Rondon clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
22	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
22	Poor play by Michael Keane as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
22	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
21	Lucas Digne clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
21	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
21	Everton is in control of the ball.
20	Ball possession: Everton: 49%, Liverpool: 51%.
20	Good individual effort from Mohamed Salah as he scores with a great finesse.
19	Jordan Henderson provided the assist for the goal.
19	GOOOOOAAL! - Mohamed Salah scores with the left foot!
19	CHANCE! Mohamed Salah finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
19	Jordan Henderson carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
19	Liverpool start a counter attack.
19	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
19	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
19	Jordan Pickford relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
18	Liverpool start a counter attack.
18	Alisson Becker relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Poor play by Andrew Robertson as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
18	Demarai Gray from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
18	Trent Alexander-Arnold clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
18	Richarlison puts in a cross...
18	Fabinho could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
17	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Everton is in control of the ball.
17	Sadio Mane hand-balls.
16	Andros Townsend is booked for diving.
16	Andros Townsend throws himself to the ground, attempting to win a free-kick, but the ref is not having it
16	Fabinho could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
15	Allan relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Thiago Alcantara puts in a cross...
15	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool takes a short corner kick from the right.
15	It's a good hit from long range by Trent Alexander-Arnold who forces a save from Jordan Pickford. Corner kick.
15	Diogo Jota of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
15	Great skill from Diogo Jota as he dribbles past his opponents
15	Ball possession: Everton: 52%, Liverpool: 48%.
14	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
14	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
14	Demarai Gray from Everton tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
13	Fabinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	A player from Everton takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
12	Everton is in control of the ball.
12	Diogo Jota relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Andros Townsend swings in a cross from the free kick.
11	Dangerous challenge by Jordan Henderson from Liverpool. Richarlison on the receiving end of that.
11	Allan from Everton concedes a foul on Diogo Jota but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
11	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Ball possession: Everton: 44%, Liverpool: 56%.
10	A great goal by Jordan Henderson
9	Andrew Robertson provided the assist for the goal.
9	GOOOOOAAL! - Jordan Henderson scores with the left foot!
9	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool makes a great pass and space opens up...
9	Could be a good chance here as Jordan Henderson from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
9	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Good effort by Mohamed Salah as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
8	Sadio Mane from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box.
8	Fabinho puts in a cross...
8	Diogo Jota from Liverpool had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
8	Could be a good chance here as Jordan Henderson from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
7	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	Allan relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
6	Lucas Digne clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
6	Could be a good chance here as Jordan Henderson from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
6	Liverpool start a counter attack.
6	Andros Townsend from Everton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
6	Demarai Gray from Everton makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
6	Could be a good chance here as Lucas Digne from Everton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
5	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Ball possession: Everton: 48%, Liverpool: 52%.
4	Andros Townsend hand-balls.
4	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Goal kick for Everton.
3	How did he miss that? Mohamed Salah has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
3	Diogo Jota from Liverpool puts in a great cross...
3	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
3	Ben Godfrey relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
2	Liverpool start a counter attack.
2	Goal kick for Everton.
2	What a miss! Joel Matip has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
2	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
1	Seamus Coleman clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
1	Trent Alexander-Arnold sends a long ball upfield.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Liverpool kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Goodison Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 26951.
96	Ball possession: Southampton: 46%, Leicester: 54%.
96	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Timothy Castagne swings in a cross from the free kick.
96	Nathan Redmond is penalised for pushing Wilfred Ndidi.
95	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
95	Goal kick for Leicester.
94	Valentino Livramento from Southampton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
94	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
94	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
93	After a tactical foul, Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
93	Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Nathan Redmond
93	Goal kick for Southampton.
92	Jamie Vardy from Leicester crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
92	Ayoze Perez releases a shot, it's parried by Alex McCarthy but he can't hold onto it...
92	A shot by Che Adams is blocked.
92	Che Adams of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
91	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
91	Ball possession: Southampton: 45%, Leicester: 55%.
90	Nathan Redmond from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
90	Jonny Evans relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
90	Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Armando Broja
89	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Valentino Livramento from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
88	Nathan Redmond from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but Kasper Schmeichel comes out to smother the ball.
88	Southampton is trying to create something here.
87	A shot by Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall is blocked.
87	Lyanco relieves the pressure with a clearance
87	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
87	Jamie Vardy from Leicester sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
87	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Ball possession: Southampton: 44%, Leicester: 56%.
86	Goal kick for Southampton.
86	Wilfred Ndidi goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
86	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Ayoze Perez puts in a cross...
86	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	The game is restarted.
85	Jan Bednarek is injured and is replaced by Lyanco.
84	Jan Bednarek is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
84	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
83	Timothy Castagne relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	James Ward-Prowse puts in a cross...
82	Yellow card for Wilfred Ndidi.
82	Reckless challenge there. Wilfred Ndidi commits a rough foul on Kyle Walker-Peters
82	Patson Daka from Leicester is ruled offside.
81	Oriol Romeu from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Luke Thomas
81	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Ball possession: Southampton: 44%, Leicester: 56%.
80	Mohammed Salisu from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
80	The referee signals a free kick as Ayoze Perez from Leicester trips Kyle Walker-Peters
79	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Che Adams from Southampton is ruled offside.
78	Oriol Romeu from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
77	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
77	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	Ball possession: Southampton: 44%, Leicester: 56%.
76	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	Goal kick for Southampton.
75	Harvey Barnes is leaving the field to be replaced by Patson Daka in a tactical substitution.
75	How did he miss that? Jamie Vardy has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
75	CHANCE! Jamie Vardy finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
75	Mohammed Salisu could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
75	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
75	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton sends an effort wide of target
74	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
74	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Adam Armstrong is leaving the field to be replaced by Mohamed Elyounoussi in a tactical substitution.
73	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	The referee signals a free kick as Nathan Redmond from Southampton trips Timothy Castagne
72	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
72	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
71	Harvey Barnes has a great chance to score, but Alex McCarthy comes out strongly to save!
71	Harvey Barnes from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
71	Leicester start a counter attack.
71	Luke Thomas relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Nathan Redmond puts in a cross...
70	Timothy Castagne relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Adam Armstrong puts in a cross...
69	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
69	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Goal kick for Southampton.
68	James Maddison fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
68	Che Adams from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
68	Nathan Redmond puts in a cross...
67	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester trips Che Adams
66	Reckless challenge there. Adam Armstrong commits a rough foul on Wilfred Ndidi
66	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Ball possession: Southampton: 43%, Leicester: 57%.
65	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Nathan Tella is leaving the field to be replaced by Armando Broja in a tactical substitution.
64	Goal kick for Southampton.
64	A chance presents itself to Jamie Vardy from Leicester but his header goes wide
63	Harvey Barnes puts in a cross...
63	Oriol Romeu relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
63	A shot by Harvey Barnes is blocked.
62	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	A shot by James Maddison is blocked.
61	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	Ademola Lookman is leaving the field to be replaced by Ayoze Perez in a tactical substitution.
60	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: Southampton: 44%, Leicester: 56%.
59	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester trips Kyle Walker-Peters
58	Adam Armstrong shoots from outside the box, but Kasper Schmeichel has it under control
57	Southampton is trying to create something here.
57	James Maddison comes back onto the field.
57	The game is restarted.
57	James Maddison is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
56	Ball possession: Southampton: 42%, Leicester: 58%.
56	James Maddison is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
56	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
55	After a tactical foul, Ademola Lookman sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
55	Reckless challenge there. Ademola Lookman commits a rough foul on Kyle Walker-Peters
54	A shot by Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall is blocked.
54	Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall from Leicester passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	James Maddison from Leicester passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Great skill from James Maddison as he dribbles past his opponents
54	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
53	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Caglar Soyuncu is penalised for pushing James Ward-Prowse.
52	Goal kick for Southampton.
52	Jamie Vardy from Leicester sends an effort wide of target
52	James Maddison swings in a cross from the free kick.
52	The referee signals a free kick as Nathan Tella from Southampton trips Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall
51	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
51	A fantastic individual effort by James Maddison!
50	Ball possession: Southampton: 44%, Leicester: 56%.
49	Luke Thomas provided the assist for the goal.
49	GOOOOOAAL! - James Maddison scores with the right foot!
49	Great skill from James Maddison as he dribbles past his opponents
49	Luke Thomas of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
49	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Yellow card for Oriol Romeu.
48	Reckless challenge there. Oriol Romeu commits a rough foul on Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall
48	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Goal kick for Leicester.
47	A chance presents itself to Nathan Tella from Southampton but his header goes wide
47	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
47	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
47	Adam Armstrong puts in a cross...
46	The referee signals a free kick as Caglar Soyuncu from Leicester trips Che Adams
46	Boubakary Soumare is leaving the field to be replaced by Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
47	Southampton has been the better team in this half
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Southampton: 46%, Leicester: 54%.
47	Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Ademola Lookman from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Luke Thomas relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Nathan Tella puts in a cross...
45	Ball possession: Southampton: 45%, Leicester: 55%.
44	Valentino Livramento from Southampton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
44	A shot by Kyle Walker-Peters is blocked.
44	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
43	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Valentino Livramento relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Timothy Castagne puts in a cross...
41	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
40	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Ball possession: Southampton: 45%, Leicester: 55%.
39	The referee signals a free kick as Oriol Romeu from Southampton trips James Maddison
38	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Nathan Tella shoots from outside the box, but Kasper Schmeichel has it under control
37	Southampton is trying to create something here.
37	Great vision by Oriol Romeu from Southampton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
36	James Maddison puts in a cross...
35	Ball possession: Southampton: 47%, Leicester: 53%.
34	Nathan Redmond provided the assist for the goal.
34	GOOOOOAAL! - Che Adams from Southampton heads the ball home!
34	Nathan Redmond from Southampton puts in a great cross...
34	A shot by Nathan Redmond is blocked.
34	Adam Armstrong of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
34	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton takes a short corner kick from the right.
34	Valentino Livramento from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
33	Luke Thomas relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Oriol Romeu puts in a cross...
33	Good effort by Che Adams as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
33	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
33	The game is restarted.
32	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
31	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester trips Nathan Redmond
30	Ball possession: Southampton: 50%, Leicester: 50%.
30	Goal kick for Leicester.
29	Nathan Tella from Southampton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
29	Southampton is trying to create something here.
28	Leicester is trying to create something here.
27	Nathan Redmond from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Wilfred Ndidi
26	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	A shot from James Maddison takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
25	The referee signals a free kick as Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton trips Ademola Lookman
25	Ball possession: Southampton: 50%, Leicester: 50%.
25	Goal kick for Southampton.
25	Kyle Walker-Peters fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
25	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	GOOOOOAAL! - Jonny Evans reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
22	Alex McCarthy saved a certain goal there! Wilfred Ndidi found himself in a great scoring position but Alex McCarthy denied him with a great save
22	Ademola Lookman of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
22	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	James Maddison from Leicester makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
22	Great skill from James Maddison as he dribbles past his opponents
22	Jan Bednarek relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
21	Jan Bednarek clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
21	Ademola Lookman puts in a cross...
21	Leicester start a counter attack.
21	Southampton is trying to create something here.
20	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Southampton: 46%, Leicester: 54%.
20	Jonny Evans relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
19	Timothy Castagne relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
17	Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester is ruled offside.
17	James Maddison swings in a cross from the free kick.
16	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ademola Lookman
16	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: Southampton: 42%, Leicester: 58%.
15	James Ward-Prowse relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	James Maddison swings in a cross from the free kick.
14	Adam Armstrong is penalised for pushing Boubakary Soumare.
14	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
14	Harvey Barnes puts in a cross...
13	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
13	Nathan Redmond from Southampton sends a deflected cross into the box.
13	Southampton is trying to create something here.
12	Reckless challenge there. Nathan Tella commits a rough foul on Luke Thomas
11	Leicester is in control of the ball.
10	Ball possession: Southampton: 42%, Leicester: 58%.
10	The referee signals a free kick as Nathan Redmond from Southampton trips Boubakary Soumare
8	Luke Thomas from Leicester tries to pass the ball to a teammate, but its nowehere near the intended target.
7	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Southampton is in control of the ball.
5	Ball possession: Southampton: 52%, Leicester: 48%.
4	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	The referee signals a free kick as Oriol Romeu from Southampton trips Boubakary Soumare
3	GOOOOOAAL! - Jan Bednarek reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
3	Kasper Schmeichel saved a certain goal there! Mohammed Salisu found himself in a great scoring position but Kasper Schmeichel denied him with a great save
3	Nathan Tella puts in a cross...
3	Nathan Tella from Southampton takes a short corner kick from the left.
2	Boubakary Soumare clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
2	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
2	Che Adams sends a header towards goal, but Kasper Schmeichel is there to comfortably save it
2	Nathan Redmond from Southampton heads the ball to a team mate.
2	Oriol Romeu puts in a cross...
1	The referee signals a free kick as Boubakary Soumare from Leicester trips Kyle Walker-Peters
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Leicester kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to St. Mary's Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	Both teams could have won today but Chelsea just managed to carve out the victory
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
97	Ball possession: Watford: 50%, Chelsea: 50%.
97	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
97	Danny Rose from Watford swings in the corner from the left.
97	A shot by Kiko is blocked.
97	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
97	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
97	Juraj Kucka puts in a cross...
96	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
96	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
96	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
96	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
95	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
95	Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
95	Ball possession: Watford: 50%, Chelsea: 50%.
95	William Troost-Ekong is penalised for pushing Ruben Loftus-Cheek.
94	Kai Havertz relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Danny Rose from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
93	The resulting free-kick is taken by Juraj Kucka and his strike forces a good save from Edouard Mendy. It's a corner
92	The referee signals a free kick as Christian Pulisic from Chelsea trips Emmanuel Dennis
92	Romelu Lukaku relieves the pressure with a clearance
92	Danny Rose from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
92	Kiko from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
91	The fourth official shows there are 6 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
90	Watford with a potentially dangerous attack.
89	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	William Troost-Ekong from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
89	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Danny Rose from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
88	Juraj Kucka sees his shot deflected off target
88	Joshua King of Watford passes the ball to a team mate.
88	Emmanuel Dennis puts in a cross...
87	The referee signals a free kick as Jeremy Ngakia from Watford trips Ruben Loftus-Cheek
87	Could be a good chance here as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
86	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	The match resumes with a drop ball.
85	Tom Cleverley is leaving the field to be replaced by Jeremy Ngakia in a tactical substitution.
85	Ball possession: Watford: 49%, Chelsea: 51%.
84	Yellow card for Tom Cleverley.
84	The referee runs back to show Danny Rose from Watford a yellow card for the previous foul.
84	Hakim Ziyech is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
84	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
84	Danny Rose from Watford concedes a foul on Hakim Ziyech but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
84	Safe hands from Daniel Bachmann as he comes out and claims the ball
84	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
83	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
83	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	So close! Hakim Ziyech has a great chance to score, but his header is saved well by Daniel Bachmann!
82	Kai Havertz from Chelsea puts in a great cross...
82	Marcos Alonso relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Danny Rose heads the ball back across goal...
82	Kiko from Watford makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
82	Joao Pedro of Watford passes the ball to a team mate.
82	Could be a good chance here as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
82	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	Watford is trying to create something here.
80	Ball possession: Watford: 49%, Chelsea: 51%.
79	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Tom Cleverley from Watford is ruled offside.
78	Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea is ruled offside.
78	The referee signals a free kick as Juraj Kucka from Watford trips Hakim Ziyech
77	Andreas Christensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	A player from Watford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
77	Hakim Ziyech comes back onto the field.
77	The game is restarted.
76	Hakim Ziyech is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
76	Today's attendance is 20388.
75	Ball possession: Watford: 48%, Chelsea: 52%.
75	Hakim Ziyech is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
75	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
75	Kai Havertz from Chelsea is ruled offside.
75	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
75	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Watford is trying to create something here.
73	Imran Louza is leaving the field to be replaced by Juraj Kucka in a tactical substitution.
72	Mason Mount provided the assist for the goal.
72	GOOOOOAAL! - Hakim Ziyech scores with the left foot!
72	Mason Mount puts in a cross...
72	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
72	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	The match resumes with a drop ball.
70	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
70	Ball possession: Watford: 49%, Chelsea: 51%.
70	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
69	Cesar Azpilicueta is leaving the field to be replaced by Romelu Lukaku in a tactical substitution.
69	Watford is in control of the ball.
68	A shot from Kai Havertz takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
68	Kai Havertz from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
68	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Goal kick for Chelsea.
67	Imran Louza fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
66	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Watford is trying to create something here.
65	After a tactical foul, Hakim Ziyech sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
65	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joao Pedro
65	Kiko relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Hakim Ziyech puts in a cross...
65	Ball possession: Watford: 51%, Chelsea: 49%.
64	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
64	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
63	Joshua King is penalised for pushing Thiago Silva.
63	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Kiko puts in a cross...
62	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Joao Pedro puts in a cross...
62	Goal kick for Chelsea.
61	That's a great ball by Emmanuel Dennis from Watford. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
60	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: Watford: 50%, Chelsea: 50%.
60	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Trevoh Chalobah is injured and is replaced by Hakim Ziyech.
60	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	The game is restarted.
59	Trevoh Chalobah is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
58	Trevoh Chalobah is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
58	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
58	Tom Cleverley tests Edouard Mendy with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
58	CHANCE! Tom Cleverley finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
58	Could be a good chance here as Joao Pedro from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
57	Watford start a counter attack.
57	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Antonio Ruediger puts in a cross...
57	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Moussa Sissoko relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Marcos Alonso swings in a cross from the free kick.
56	The referee signals a free kick as Moussa Sissoko from Watford trips Ruben Loftus-Cheek
56	The referee signals a free kick as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford trips Marcos Alonso
55	Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea commits a foul by elbowing Danny Rose
55	Ball possession: Watford: 50%, Chelsea: 50%.
55	Goal kick for Watford.
54	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	The game is restarted.
54	Christian Pulisic comes back onto the field.
53	Christian Pulisic is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
53	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
53	Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
53	Kai Havertz of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
53	Could be a good chance here as Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
52	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
52	Kai Havertz from Chelsea is ruled offside.
51	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Ball possession: Watford: 51%, Chelsea: 49%.
50	The referee signals a free kick as Christian Pulisic from Chelsea trips Daniel Bachmann
50	Kai Havertz from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
50	Cesar Azpilicueta swings in a cross from the free kick.
50	Imran Louza is penalised for pushing Ruben Loftus-Cheek.
49	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	A shot by Ruben Loftus-Cheek is blocked.
49	Christian Pulisic of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
49	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
49	Could be a good chance here as Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
49	Joshua King from Watford directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
49	Could be a good chance here as Tom Cleverley from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
48	The ref blows his whistle. Andreas Christensen charged Joao Pedro from behind and it's a free-kick
48	Craig Cathcart is penalised for pushing Kai Havertz.
48	Andreas Christensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Imran Louza swings in a cross from the free kick.
47	Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Danny Rose
47	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Saul Niguez is leaving the field to be replaced by Thiago Silva in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
52	It's over! The referee blows for half time
52	Ball possession: Watford: 50%, Chelsea: 50%.
52	Moussa Sissoko relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Marcos Alonso swings in a cross from the free kick.
52	The game is restarted.
51	Mason Mount is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
50	Ball possession: Watford: 51%, Chelsea: 49%.
50	The match is being overshadowed by some very harsh play from both sides
50	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
49	William Troost-Ekong commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
49	Reckless challenge there. William Troost-Ekong commits a rough foul on Mason Mount
49	The match is very one-sided right now. Watford are clearly dominating possession
49	Good effort by Moussa Sissoko as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
49	Could be a good chance here as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
48	Craig Cathcart from Watford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Kai Havertz
48	A shot by Danny Rose is blocked.
48	Tom Cleverley of Watford passes the ball to a team mate.
47	After a tactical foul, Marcos Alonso sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
47	Marcos Alonso is penalised for pushing Emmanuel Dennis.
47	Danny Rose from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
47	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Danny Rose puts in a cross...
46	Cesar Azpilicueta is penalised for pushing Danny Rose.
46	Marcos Alonso swings in a cross from the free kick.
46	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Imran Louza commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
45	Reckless challenge there. Imran Louza commits a rough foul on Marcos Alonso
45	Ball possession: Watford: 51%, Chelsea: 49%.
44	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
43	Moussa Sissoko provided the assist for the goal.
43	GOAL! - Emmanuel Dennis score from a shot with the right foot, that takes a deflection.
43	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
43	Could be a good chance here as Moussa Sissoko from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
43	Craig Cathcart is penalised for pushing Kai Havertz.
43	Goal kick for Watford.
42	Cesar Azpilicueta goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
42	The ref blows his whistle. Joshua King charged Trevoh Chalobah from behind and it's a free-kick
42	Mason Mount from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
42	Could be a good chance here as Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
41	Joshua King from Watford is ruled offside.
41	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	Ruben Loftus-Cheek comes back onto the field.
41	William Troost-Ekong comes back onto the field.
41	The match resumes with a drop ball.
41	William Troost-Ekong is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
41	Ruben Loftus-Cheek is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
40	Ball possession: Watford: 50%, Chelsea: 50%.
39	Ruben Loftus-Cheek is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
39	William Troost-Ekong is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
39	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
38	Imran Louza from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
38	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the left.
38	Danny Rose from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
37	Andreas Christensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Tom Cleverley swings in a cross from the free kick.
37	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Emmanuel Dennis
37	Edouard Mendy relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Tom Cleverley swings in a cross from the free kick.
36	Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea commits a foul by elbowing Danny Rose
36	Edouard Mendy saved a certain goal there! Danny Rose found himself in a great scoring position but Edouard Mendy denied him with a great save
36	Joao Pedro from Watford find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
35	Tom Cleverley puts in a cross...
35	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Watford: 48%, Chelsea: 52%.
34	The referee signals a free kick as Imran Louza from Watford trips Ruben Loftus-Cheek
34	The referee signals a free kick as Saul Niguez from Chelsea trips Kiko
33	Watford is in control of the ball.
33	Watford is trying to create something here.
32	Kai Havertz from Chelsea is ruled offside.
32	Could be a good chance here as Christian Pulisic from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
32	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
31	Good effort by Tom Cleverley as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
31	Andreas Christensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Kiko puts in a cross...
31	Watford is in control of the ball.
30	Ball possession: Watford: 48%, Chelsea: 52%.
30	A wonderful team goal!
29	Kai Havertz provided the assist for the goal.
29	GOOOOOAAL! - Mason Mount scores with the right foot!
29	Kai Havertz from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box.
29	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box.
29	Could be a good chance here as Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
29	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	Mason Mount puts in a cross...
28	Watford is trying to create something here.
28	A player from Watford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
28	Watford is trying to create something here.
27	The referee signals a free kick as Mason Mount from Chelsea trips Imran Louza
27	Kai Havertz from Chelsea is ruled offside.
27	Joshua King from Watford is ruled offside.
26	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
25	Ball possession: Watford: 51%, Chelsea: 49%.
24	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
23	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Joao Pedro puts in a cross...
23	Marcos Alonso relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Danny Rose puts in a cross...
22	Watford is in control of the ball.
22	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
21	The referee signals a free kick as Imran Louza from Watford trips Christian Pulisic
21	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
21	The game is restarted.
20	Ball possession: Watford: 51%, Chelsea: 49%.
20	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
19	Obstruction as Marcos Alonso cuts off the run of Tom Cleverley. A free-kick is awarded.
19	Saul Niguez goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
19	Mason Mount sees a huge opportunity go begging as his shot hits the post!
19	Ruben Loftus-Cheek heads the ball back across goal...
19	Danny Rose relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	A player from Chelsea takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
18	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Tom Cleverley from Watford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Christian Pulisic
17	Goal kick for Chelsea.
17	Imran Louza goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
17	Imran Louza takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
16	After a tactical foul, Saul Niguez sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
16	Saul Niguez from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Emmanuel Dennis
15	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Watford: 57%, Chelsea: 43%.
14	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
14	Danger! Imran Louza from Watford successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
14	Watford is trying to create something here.
13	Joshua King is penalised for pushing Andreas Christensen.
13	Tom Cleverley swings in a cross from the free kick.
13	Obstruction as Antonio Ruediger cuts off the run of Emmanuel Dennis. A free-kick is awarded.
13	The match resumes with a drop ball.
12	Adam Masina is injured and is replaced by Danny Rose.
12	The referee starts the match.
12	The game is interrupted.
12	Adam Masina is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
10	Adam Masina is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
10	Ball possession: Watford: 57%, Chelsea: 43%.
10	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
9	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
9	Adam Masina puts in a cross...
9	Watford with a potentially dangerous attack.
8	The match resumes with a drop ball.
8	Edouard Mendy is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
8	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
7	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
7	Tom Cleverley puts in a cross...
7	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	The referee signals a free kick as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford trips Christian Pulisic
7	Andreas Christensen comes back onto the field.
6	Edouard Mendy from Chelsea makes a great save.
6	Poor play by Cesar Azpilicueta as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
6	Kiko puts in a cross...
6	The match resumes with a drop ball.
6	Andreas Christensen is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
5	Andreas Christensen is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
5	Ball possession: Watford: 59%, Chelsea: 41%.
4	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
4	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Watford is trying to create something here.
3	Kai Havertz relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Imran Louza from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
3	Great defending by Trevoh Chalobah from Chelsea to prevent his team conceding a goal.
3	Joao Pedro has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
3	Tom Cleverley puts in a cross...
3	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	The referee signals a free kick as Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea trips Joao Pedro
2	Watford is trying to create something here.
2	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Chelsea kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Vicarage Road Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
97	Today's attendance is 59626.
97	Ball possession: West Ham: 34%, Brighton: 66%.
96	After a tactical foul, Michail Antonio sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
96	Michail Antonio from West Ham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Tariq Lamptey
96	Jakub Moder relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
96	Michail Antonio from West Ham makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
96	A shot by Vladimir Coufal is blocked.
96	Robert Sanchez relieves the pressure with a clearance
95	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
95	Tariq Lamptey clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
95	Solly March puts in a cross...
95	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
95	Ben Johnson puts in a cross...
95	West Ham is trying to create something here.
94	West Ham is in control of the ball.
94	Safe hands from Lukasz Fabianski as he comes out and claims the ball
94	Leandro Trossard swings in a cross from the free kick.
93	Arthur Masuaku is penalised for pushing Tariq Lamptey.
93	Brighton is trying to create something here.
93	Goal kick for Brighton.
92	Great defending by Marc Cucurella from Brighton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
92	Kurt Zouma gets a finish in but his shot is hacked off the goal line!
92	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
92	Jarrod Bowen forces a good save from Robert Sanchez who turns the ball behind for a corner!
92	Could be a good chance here as Declan Rice from West Ham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
91	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
91	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 6 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	The referee shows Neal Maupay the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
90	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
89	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
89	Tariq Lamptey provided the assist for the goal.
89	GOOOOOAAL! - Neal Maupay scores with a bicycle-kick with the right foot! Amazing stuff!
89	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton puts in a great cross...
89	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
88	Brighton is trying to create something here.
88	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
88	West Ham is trying to create something here.
87	Yves Bissouma is penalised for pushing Manuel Lanzini.
87	Goal kick for West Ham.
86	Marc Cucurella from Brighton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
86	The referee signals a free kick as Jarrod Bowen from West Ham trips Jakub Moder
85	Brighton end the game with ten men because Adam Lallana has had to leave the pitch and Brighton have no subs left.
85	Ball possession: West Ham: 31%, Brighton: 69%.
85	Michail Antonio sends a header towards goal, but Robert Sanchez is there to comfortably save it
85	Jarrod Bowen puts in a cross...
84	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
84	The game is restarted.
83	Adam Lallana is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
83	Adam Lallana is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
82	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
82	Vladimir Coufal from West Ham sends a shot outside the penalty box, but the [goalkeeper] manages to grab the ball.
81	Declan Rice from West Ham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
81	Great skill from Declan Rice as he dribbles past his opponents
81	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
81	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
81	Declan Rice works the keeper with a shot from long range. The ball goes out for a corner.
80	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
80	Ball possession: West Ham: 30%, Brighton: 70%.
80	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
80	A chance presents itself to Michail Antonio from West Ham but his header goes wide
80	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
80	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham takes a short corner kick from the right.
79	Yves Bissouma clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
79	Jarrod Bowen swings in a cross from the free kick.
78	Yves Bissouma is penalised for pushing Tomas Soucek.
78	The referee signals a free kick as Yves Bissouma from Brighton trips Jarrod Bowen
77	Brighton is in control of the ball.
77	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
77	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
77	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Pablo Fornals is leaving the field to be replaced by Arthur Masuaku in a tactical substitution.
76	Said Benrahma is leaving the field to be replaced by Manuel Lanzini in a tactical substitution.
76	Kurt Zouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Solly March puts in a cross...
76	Danger averted there as Lewis Dunk from Brighton clears the danger with a good tackle
75	West Ham start a counter attack.
75	Leandro Trossard from Brighton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
75	Could be a good chance here as Yves Bissouma from Brighton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
75	Brighton is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: West Ham: 29%, Brighton: 71%.
74	Solly March from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
74	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
74	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Some neat football here as Neal Maupay from Brighton plays a 1-2 with Adam Lallana.
73	Goal kick for West Ham.
72	West Ham is in control of the ball.
72	Yves Bissouma from Brighton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
72	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
72	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
71	Brighton is in control of the ball.
71	Brighton is trying to create something here.
71	Tomas Soucek is penalised for pushing Neal Maupay.
70	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Joel Veltman is leaving the field to be replaced by Tariq Lamptey in a tactical substitution.
69	Ball possession: West Ham: 31%, Brighton: 69%.
69	Goal kick for West Ham.
69	Adam Lallana from Brighton sends an effort wide of target
69	Leandro Trossard of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
68	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Brighton is trying to create something here.
67	Brighton is in control of the ball.
67	Craig Dawson is penalised for pushing Neal Maupay.
67	West Ham is trying to create something here.
66	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Danger averted there as Joel Veltman from Brighton clears the danger with a good tackle
66	Said Benrahma from West Ham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
66	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	West Ham is in control of the ball.
66	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
65	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
65	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham sends an effort wide of target
65	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
64	West Ham start a counter attack.
64	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
64	Brighton is in control of the ball.
64	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
64	Michail Antonio puts in a cross...
64	West Ham is trying to create something here.
63	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Brighton is in control of the ball.
63	Ball possession: West Ham: 32%, Brighton: 68%.
62	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
62	Goal kick for West Ham.
61	Marc Cucurella from Brighton tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
61	Ben Johnson relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Jakub Moder from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
61	Solly March from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
61	Solly March from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
60	Brighton is in control of the ball.
60	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	The referee signals a free kick as Marc Cucurella from Brighton trips Vladimir Coufal
59	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
59	Jakub Moder from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	Brighton is in control of the ball.
58	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Adam Lallana from Brighton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
58	Brighton is trying to create something here.
57	Brighton is in control of the ball.
57	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Jakub Moder from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Brighton is trying to create something here.
56	Brighton is trying to create something here.
56	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Brighton is trying to create something here.
55	Ball possession: West Ham: 33%, Brighton: 67%.
54	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Brighton is in control of the ball.
53	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	Brighton is trying to create something here.
53	Ball possession: West Ham: 32%, Brighton: 68%.
53	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	The game is restarted.
52	Michail Antonio from West Ham is ruled offside.
52	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for West Ham is revoked due to offside.
50	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
48	GOOOOOAAL!! West Ham score! Michail Antonio is on the scoresheet.
48	Craig Dawson from West Ham heads the ball to a team mate.
48	Poor play by Robert Sanchez as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
48	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
48	Pablo Fornals from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
48	West Ham is trying to create something here.
48	Lewis Dunk sends a header towards goal, but Lukasz Fabianski is there to comfortably save it
47	Solly March from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
47	Solly March from Brighton makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
47	Jakub Moder puts in a cross...
46	Solly March from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Brighton is trying to create something here.
46	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
50	The only goal scored by West Ham gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: West Ham: 32%, Brighton: 68%.
50	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Said Benrahma puts in a cross...
50	Said Benrahma from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
49	Ball possession: West Ham: 32%, Brighton: 68%.
49	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Brighton is in control of the ball.
48	Brighton is in control of the ball.
48	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	The game is restarted.
47	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
47	Craig Dawson relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Solly March swings in a cross from the free kick.
46	Vladimir Coufal is penalised for pushing Neal Maupay.
46	Brighton is in control of the ball.
46	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Jakub Moder relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Said Benrahma from West Ham chips the ball into the penalty box.
46	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	West Ham is trying to create something here.
45	Goal kick for Brighton.
44	Said Benrahma from West Ham crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
44	Declan Rice from West Ham makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
44	Vladimir Coufal swings in a cross from the free kick.
44	Marc Cucurella is penalised for pushing Jarrod Bowen.
43	West Ham is in control of the ball.
43	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
43	Said Benrahma fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
43	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	Pablo Fornals from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
42	Shane Duffy clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
42	Ben Johnson puts in a cross...
42	West Ham is trying to create something here.
41	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	Brighton is trying to create something here.
41	Ball possession: West Ham: 30%, Brighton: 70%.
41	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	Ben Johnson puts in a cross...
40	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
40	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
40	Goal kick for West Ham.
40	A chance presents itself to Lewis Dunk from Brighton but his header goes wide
40	Jakub Moder from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
39	Should have been a goal! Jakub Moder gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Lukasz Fabianski!
39	Neal Maupay of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
39	Solly March puts in a cross...
39	Could be a good chance here as Adam Lallana from Brighton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
39	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
38	Lewis Dunk hand-balls.
38	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Jakub Moder from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
37	Marc Cucurella from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
37	Could be a good chance here as Leandro Trossard from Brighton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
37	Great skill from Adam Lallana as he dribbles past his opponents
37	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
37	Ben Johnson relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Leandro Trossard puts in a cross...
36	Brighton is trying to create something here.
36	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	The game is restarted.
36	Adam Webster is injured and is replaced by Shane Duffy.
35	Adam Webster is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
35	Ball possession: West Ham: 29%, Brighton: 71%.
34	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
33	Marc Cucurella relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
33	Ben Johnson from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
33	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Pablo Fornals puts in a cross...
32	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	The referee signals a free kick as Solly March from Brighton trips Michail Antonio
31	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
31	The referee signals a free kick as Pablo Fornals from West Ham trips Yves Bissouma
31	Craig Dawson relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
30	Could be a good chance here as Leandro Trossard from Brighton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
30	Brighton is trying to create something here.
30	Ball possession: West Ham: 20%, Brighton: 80%.
30	Jarrod Bowen is penalised for pushing Marc Cucurella.
29	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
29	Ben Johnson puts in a cross...
29	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
29	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	Vladimir Coufal swings in a cross from the free kick.
28	The referee signals a free kick as Marc Cucurella from Brighton trips Jarrod Bowen
28	Unlucky! An effort from Pablo Fornals slams off the crossbar!
28	Michail Antonio of West Ham passes the ball to a team mate.
28	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
28	West Ham is trying to create something here.
27	West Ham is in control of the ball.
27	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Neal Maupay from Brighton tries to pass the ball to a teammate, but its nowehere near the intended target.
26	Neal Maupay from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
26	Could be a good chance here as Adam Lallana from Brighton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
26	Brighton is trying to create something here.
26	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
26	Leandro Trossard from Brighton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
25	Solly March puts in a cross...
25	Brighton is trying to create something here.
25	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
25	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
25	Ball possession: West Ham: 20%, Brighton: 80%.
24	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
24	Great skill from Jarrod Bowen as he dribbles past his opponents
24	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
24	Brighton is in control of the ball.
24	A shot by Joel Veltman is blocked.
24	Marc Cucurella from Brighton directs a ball squarely in the box.
23	Neal Maupay from Brighton heads the ball to a team mate.
23	Leandro Trossard puts in a cross...
23	Brighton is trying to create something here.
23	Brighton is in control of the ball.
23	The referee signals a free kick as Vladimir Coufal from West Ham trips Yves Bissouma
22	Adam Webster comes back onto the field.
22	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	The game is restarted.
22	Adam Webster is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
21	Adam Webster is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
21	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
20	Brighton is in control of the ball.
20	Ball possession: West Ham: 22%, Brighton: 78%.
19	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	Craig Dawson relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Leandro Trossard puts in a cross...
18	Brighton is trying to create something here.
18	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
17	Jarrod Bowen fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
17	Poor play by Robert Sanchez as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
17	Ben Johnson relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Jakub Moder from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
17	Leandro Trossard takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
15	The referee signals a free kick as Kurt Zouma from West Ham trips Adam Lallana
15	Brighton is trying to create something here.
15	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: West Ham: 75%, Brighton: 25%.
14	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Brighton is in control of the ball.
13	Brighton is in control of the ball.
13	The game is restarted.
13	Jeremy Sarmiento is injured and is replaced by Solly March.
11	Jeremy Sarmiento is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
10	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
10	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
10	Vladimir Coufal tests Robert Sanchez with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
10	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
10	Jakub Moder from Brighton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
10	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
9	Ball possession: West Ham: 22%, Brighton: 78%.
9	Brighton is in control of the ball.
9	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
9	Pablo Fornals from West Ham sends a shot outside the penalty box, but the [goalkeeper] manages to grab the ball.
9	West Ham is in control of the ball.
8	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Brighton is in control of the ball.
8	Ball possession: West Ham: 22%, Brighton: 78%.
7	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
7	West Ham is in control of the ball.
7	Brighton is in control of the ball.
6	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
6	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
6	Ball possession: West Ham: 7%, Brighton: 93%.
5	Pablo Fornals provided the assist for the goal.
5	GOOOOOAAL! - Tomas Soucek from West Ham heads the ball home!
5	Pablo Fornals from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
4	Joel Veltman clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
4	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
4	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Goal kick for West Ham.
3	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Brighton is in control of the ball.
3	Goal kick for West Ham.
2	Neal Maupay from Brighton sends an effort wide of target
2	Yves Bissouma of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
2	Yves Bissouma from Brighton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
2	Poor play by Said Benrahma as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
2	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
2	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
2	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Brighton is trying to create something here.
1	Brighton is trying to create something here.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Brighton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to London Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 63%, Burnley: 37%.
94	Today's attendance is 30328.
94	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
94	Ben Mee relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Trincao puts in a cross...
93	Great defending by Charlie Taylor from Burnley to prevent his team conceding a goal.
93	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
93	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
93	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Burnley is in control of the ball.
92	Goal kick for Burnley.
92	That's a great ball by Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
92	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	A shot by Trincao is blocked.
91	Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
91	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
91	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
91	Jay Rodriguez from Burnley tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
91	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Goal kick for Burnley.
90	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers sends an effort wide of target
90	A chance opens up as Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfully finds a team mate in the area...
90	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
90	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 64%, Burnley: 36%.
89	Joao Moutinho comes back onto the field.
89	Dwight McNeil comes back onto the field.
89	The match resumes with a drop ball.
89	Joao Moutinho is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
89	Dwight McNeil is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
87	Dwight McNeil is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
87	Joao Moutinho is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
87	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
87	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
87	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
87	Dwight McNeil swings in a cross from the free kick.
86	Yellow card for Max Kilman.
86	The referee signals a free kick as Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Jay Rodriguez
85	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
85	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 65%, Burnley: 35%.
85	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
85	Maxwel Cornet is leaving the field to be replaced by Aaron Lennon in a tactical substitution.
84	Hee-Chan Hwang is leaving the field to be replaced by Trincao in a tactical substitution.
84	That's a great ball by Matej Vydra from Burnley. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
84	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	Burnley is trying to create something here.
83	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
82	It's a good hit from long range by Adama Traore who forces a save from Nick Pope. Corner kick.
82	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
81	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
81	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
80	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
80	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
80	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 64%, Burnley: 36%.
80	Matej Vydra is penalised for pushing Leander Dendoncker.
80	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
80	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
80	Nathan Collins from Burnley tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
79	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley swings in the corner from the right.
79	Should have been a goal! Dwight McNeil gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Jose Sa!
79	Dwight McNeil from Burnley takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
78	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
78	Jay Rodriguez comes back onto the field.
78	Burnley is in control of the ball.
77	Jay Rodriguez is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
77	The game is restarted.
76	Jay Rodriguez is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
76	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
75	Dangerous challenge by Jay Rodriguez from Burnley. Romain Saiss on the receiving end of that.
75	Goal kick for Burnley.
75	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
75	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 65%, Burnley: 35%.
74	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
73	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
73	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	Goal kick for Burnley.
72	Johann Berg Gudmundsson is leaving the field to be replaced by Matej Vydra in a tactical substitution.
71	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
71	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
71	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
71	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
71	Dwight McNeil from Burnley sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
71	Burnley is trying to create something here.
70	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
70	Nelson Semedo puts in a cross...
70	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the right.
69	Hee-Chan Hwang sees his shot deflected off target
69	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
69	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
69	Burnley is trying to create something here.
69	Raul Jimenez sends a header towards goal, but Nick Pope is there to comfortably save it
69	Adama Traore puts in a cross...
69	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
69	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
68	Burnley is trying to create something here.
67	Goal kick for Burnley.
67	Nelson Semedo goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
67	A shot by Raul Jimenez is blocked.
67	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
66	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Charlie Taylor relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
66	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
66	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 66%, Burnley: 34%.
65	Raul Jimenez is penalised for pushing Ben Mee.
64	The referee runs back to show Jay Rodriguez from Burnley a yellow card for the previous foul.
64	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley is ruled offside.
64	Could be a good chance here as Jack Cork from Burnley cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
64	Burnley is trying to create something here.
63	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
63	A shot by Adama Traore is blocked.
63	Jay Rodriguez from Burnley concedes a foul on Max Kilman but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
63	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
63	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
62	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
62	A shot by Dwight McNeil is blocked.
61	Joao Moutinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Dwight McNeil from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
61	Romain Saiss clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
61	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
61	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 66%, Burnley: 34%.
60	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
59	Goal kick for Burnley.
59	Chris Wood is leaving the field to be replaced by Jay Rodriguez in a tactical substitution.
59	Joao Moutinho fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
59	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
58	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	The game is restarted.
58	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
58	VAR - CARD ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential card situation.
57	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
57	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers commits a foul by elbowing Nathan Collins
56	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
56	Burnley is in control of the ball.
56	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 65%, Burnley: 35%.
55	Ben Mee relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
54	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
53	Burnley plays a short goal kick.
53	That's a great ball by Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
53	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
53	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
52	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
51	Burnley is in control of the ball.
51	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Maxwel Cornet puts in a cross...
50	Burnley is trying to create something here.
50	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 65%, Burnley: 35%.
50	Nathan Collins relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Adama Traore puts in a cross...
50	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the left.
50	Ben Mee clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
50	Leander Dendoncker from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
49	Danger! Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
49	A shot by Rayan Ait Nouri is blocked.
48	Oh no. From a promising position Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
48	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
48	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
48	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley is ruled offside.
47	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Burnley is in control of the ball.
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
48	Wolverhampton Wanderers had the ball in their control, but couldnt go into the pause with the lead.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 67%, Burnley: 33%.
47	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
47	Nathan Collins relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Leander Dendoncker puts in a cross...
47	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
47	Burnley is trying to create something here.
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Goal kick for Burnley.
45	Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
45	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 64%, Burnley: 36%.
45	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
44	Burnley is trying to create something here.
44	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
44	Maxwel Cornet hand-balls.
44	Could be a good chance here as Chris Wood from Burnley cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
44	Burnley is trying to create something here.
44	The match is very one-sided right now. Wolverhampton Wanderers are clearly dominating possession
43	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
42	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
41	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
41	Johann Berg Gudmundsson puts in a cross...
40	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
40	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Johann Berg Gudmundsson
40	Burnley is in control of the ball.
40	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 65%, Burnley: 35%.
40	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
39	Burnley is trying to create something here.
39	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
39	Nelson Semedo puts in a cross...
39	Charlie Taylor relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
38	Charlie Taylor clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
38	Adama Traore puts in a cross...
38	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Joao Moutinho puts in a cross...
37	Ben Mee relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
37	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
37	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
35	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 66%, Burnley: 34%.
34	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
34	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
33	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
33	Burnley is trying to create something here.
32	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
31	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	A player from Burnley takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
31	Burnley is trying to create something here.
30	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 70%, Burnley: 30%.
30	Goal kick for Burnley.
30	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
30	CROSSBAR! A shot from Adama Traore stings the crossbar!
30	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
30	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
30	A shot by Matthew Lowton is blocked.
30	Jose Sa relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley swings in the corner from the right.
28	Jose Sa clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
28	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley swings in the corner from the right.
28	Max Kilman clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
28	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley swings in the corner from the right.
27	Conor Coady clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
27	Johann Berg Gudmundsson puts in a cross...
27	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	Burnley is trying to create something here.
25	Hee-Chan Hwang shoots from outside the box, but Nick Pope has it under control
25	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
25	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 65%, Burnley: 35%.
24	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
24	Burnley is trying to create something here.
24	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
24	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
24	Nathan Collins relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Nelson Semedo puts in a cross...
24	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
23	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
23	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
23	Chris Wood from Burnley fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
23	Nathan Collins from Burnley successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
23	Matthew Lowton swings in a cross from the free kick.
22	The ref blows his whistle. Rayan Ait Nouri charged Johann Berg Gudmundsson from behind and it's a free-kick
22	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
21	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Adama Traore puts in a cross...
21	The referee signals a free kick as Maxwel Cornet from Burnley trips Hee-Chan Hwang
21	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
20	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
20	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 60%, Burnley: 40%.
20	Ben Mee relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers chips the ball into the penalty box.
19	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
19	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
19	Matthew Lowton comes back onto the field.
19	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
19	The game is restarted.
18	The referee shows Hee-Chan Hwang the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
18	Matthew Lowton is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
18	Matthew Lowton from Burnley receives a yellow card after a dangerous challenge on an opponent player.
17	Matthew Lowton is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
17	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
17	Matthew Lowton from Burnley commits a foul by elbowing Hee-Chan Hwang
16	Goal kick for Burnley.
16	Raul Jimenez fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
16	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
15	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
15	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
15	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 62%, Burnley: 38%.
15	Chris Wood from Burnley is ruled offside.
15	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
14	Burnley is trying to create something here.
14	Leander Dendoncker sends a header towards goal, but Nick Pope is there to comfortably save it
14	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
14	Charlie Taylor relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Joao Moutinho puts in a cross...
14	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
13	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
12	Charlie Taylor fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
12	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
12	Burnley is in control of the ball.
11	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers is ruled offside.
11	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
10	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 53%, Burnley: 47%.
9	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
9	Adama Traore comes back onto the field.
8	Nathan Collins relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Joao Moutinho swings in a cross from the free kick.
8	The game is restarted.
8	Adama Traore is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
7	Adama Traore is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
7	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
7	After a tactical foul, Ben Mee sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
7	Dangerous challenge by Ben Mee from Burnley. Adama Traore on the receiving end of that.
7	Danger! Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
6	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
5	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 54%, Burnley: 46%.
4	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Burnley is in control of the ball.
3	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	A chance presents itself to Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers but his header goes wide
2	Adama Traore puts in a cross...
2	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
1	The referee signals a free kick as Jack Cork from Burnley trips Joao Moutinho
1	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Burnley kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Molineux Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
98	Raphinha from Leeds is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
98	Both teams could have won today but Leeds just managed to carve out the victory
98	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
98	Today's attendance is 35558.
98	Ball possession: Leeds: 62%, Crystal Palace: 38%.
97	The ref blows his whistle. Will Hughes charged Raphinha from behind and it's a free-kick
96	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
96	Kalvin Phillips relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Michael Olise swings in a cross from the free kick.
96	Yellow card for Adam Forshaw.
96	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Forshaw from Leeds trips Cheikhou Kouyate
95	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
95	Tyler Roberts is leaving the field to be replaced by Charlie Cresswell in a tactical substitution.
95	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Crystal Palace: 37%.
94	Leeds managed to score the decisive goal in the dying minutes of the game!
93	GOOOOOAAL! - Raphinha from Leeds puts it away from the penalty spot with the left foot! Vicente Guaita was close to denying the opportunity.
93	Yellow card for Marc Guehi.
93	PENALTY! - Marc Guehi handles the ball in the penalty box! Heavy protests from Marc Guehi but the ref is uninterested.
92	After VAR check, the referee changed the call and decided to award a penalty for Leeds!
92	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
91	Liam Cooper from Leeds heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
91	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Joel Ward clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
91	Daniel James puts in a cross...
90	Leeds is trying to create something here.
90	Ball possession: Leeds: 62%, Crystal Palace: 38%.
90	Jordan Ayew is leaving the field to be replaced by Michael Olise in a tactical substitution.
90	The referee signals a free kick as James Tomkins from Crystal Palace trips Tyler Roberts
89	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Tyrick Mitchell puts in a cross...
89	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
89	Tyler Roberts shoots from outside the box, but Vicente Guaita has it under control
89	Leeds is in control of the ball.
88	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
88	That's a great ball by Junior Firpo from Leeds. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
88	Leeds is in control of the ball.
87	Yellow card for Tyler Roberts.
87	Reckless challenge there. Tyler Roberts commits a rough foul on Cheikhou Kouyate
87	James Tomkins from Crystal Palace tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
87	Joel Ward puts in a cross...
87	Kalvin Phillips relieves the pressure with a clearance
87	Will Hughes from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the left.
86	Raphinha clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
86	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
85	Rodrigo is penalised for pushing Tyrick Mitchell.
85	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
85	Marc Guehi relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Raphinha from Leeds chips the ball into the penalty box.
85	Leeds is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Crystal Palace: 37%.
85	Conor Gallagher is penalised for pushing Adam Forshaw.
84	Tyrick Mitchell relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
84	Joel Ward clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
84	Leeds is trying to create something here.
83	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
83	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace sends an effort wide of target
83	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
83	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
82	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
82	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Leeds is in control of the ball.
81	Christian Benteke is penalised for pushing Diego Llorente.
81	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
80	Jeffrey Schlupp is leaving the field to be replaced by Will Hughes in a tactical substitution.
80	Daniel James from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
80	Ball possession: Leeds: 62%, Crystal Palace: 38%.
79	Christian Benteke has a great chance to score, but Illan Meslier comes out strongly to save!
79	Jordan Ayew puts in a cross...
79	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
79	Christian Benteke relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
79	Rodrigo from Leeds heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
79	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
78	Rodrigo sees his shot deflected off target
78	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
78	Junior Firpo from Leeds sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
77	The referee signals a free kick as Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace trips Tyler Roberts
77	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Leeds is in control of the ball.
76	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
76	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
76	Raphinha from Leeds crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
75	A shot by Daniel James is blocked.
75	Leeds is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: Leeds: 61%, Crystal Palace: 39%.
75	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
74	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
74	What a miss! Christian Benteke has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
74	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
74	A shot by Conor Gallagher is blocked.
74	A chance opens up as Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace successfully finds a team mate in the area...
74	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
74	Leeds is in control of the ball.
73	The ref blows his whistle. Marc Guehi charged Tyler Roberts from behind and it's a free-kick
73	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
72	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
72	Yellow card for Stuart Dallas.
72	Stuart Dallas from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Wilfried Zaha
72	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
71	Diego Llorente from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
71	Leeds is trying to create something here.
71	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Leeds is in control of the ball.
70	Ball possession: Leeds: 62%, Crystal Palace: 38%.
69	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Junior Firpo from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
69	Leeds is in control of the ball.
68	Stuart Dallas comes back onto the field.
68	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
68	Odsonne Edouard is leaving the field to be replaced by Christian Benteke in a tactical substitution.
67	Stuart Dallas is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
66	Stuart Dallas is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
66	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
65	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
65	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
65	Leeds is in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: Leeds: 61%, Crystal Palace: 39%.
65	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
64	Adam Forshaw from Leeds tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
64	Leeds is trying to create something here.
64	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
63	Adam Forshaw from Leeds is ruled offside.
63	Leeds is trying to create something here.
62	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
62	Raphinha from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
61	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	A shot from Kalvin Phillips takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
61	A shot by Stuart Dallas is blocked.
61	Junior Firpo from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
61	Danger! Daniel James from Leeds successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
60	Leeds is trying to create something here.
60	Ball possession: Leeds: 60%, Crystal Palace: 40%.
59	Leeds is in control of the ball.
59	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
59	The game is restarted.
59	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
58	A shot by Wilfried Zaha is blocked.
58	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Leeds is in control of the ball.
57	A shot from Adam Forshaw takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
57	A chance opens up as Daniel James from Leeds successfully finds a team mate in the area...
57	Leeds is trying to create something here.
56	Leeds is in control of the ball.
55	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Rodrigo from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
55	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
55	A shot by Daniel James is blocked.
55	Junior Firpo from Leeds sends a deflected cross into the box.
55	Ball possession: Leeds: 57%, Crystal Palace: 43%.
54	The ref blows his whistle. Cheikhou Kouyate charged Rodrigo from behind and it's a free-kick
54	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
53	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
53	Rodrigo from Leeds had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
53	A chance opens up as Daniel James from Leeds successfully finds a team mate in the area...
53	Raphinha sends a long ball upfield.
53	Leeds is trying to create something here.
52	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Cheikhou Kouyate comes back onto the field.
52	The game is restarted.
52	Cheikhou Kouyate is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
50	Ball possession: Leeds: 56%, Crystal Palace: 44%.
50	Cheikhou Kouyate is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
50	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
50	The referee signals a free kick as Stuart Dallas from Leeds trips Wilfried Zaha
50	Adam Forshaw from Leeds concedes a foul on Cheikhou Kouyate but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
50	Leeds is trying to create something here.
49	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
49	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
49	Conor Gallagher takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
47	Yellow card for Junior Firpo.
47	The referee signals a free kick as Junior Firpo from Leeds trips Jordan Ayew
47	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
47	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
47	Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
47	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
47	Raphinha from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Leeds is in control of the ball.
46	Mateusz Klich is leaving the field to be replaced by Rodrigo in a tactical substitution.
46	Pascal Struijk is injured and is replaced by Junior Firpo.
46	The second half is underway.
48	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Leeds: 55%, Crystal Palace: 45%.
48	Mateusz Klich relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
47	Liam Cooper clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
47	Marc Guehi puts in a cross...
47	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
46	Poor play by Liam Cooper as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
46	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	The ref blows his whistle. Jordan Ayew charged Pascal Struijk from behind and it's a free-kick
45	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Ball possession: Leeds: 55%, Crystal Palace: 45%.
45	Pascal Struijk comes back onto the field.
44	The game is restarted.
44	Pascal Struijk is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
43	Pascal Struijk is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
43	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
43	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace commits a foul by elbowing Diego Llorente
43	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
42	The game is restarted.
42	Yellow card for Pascal Struijk.
42	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
41	The ref blows his whistle. Pascal Struijk charged Jordan Ayew from behind and it's a free-kick
41	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
40	Ball possession: Leeds: 55%, Crystal Palace: 45%.
40	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
40	Raphinha from Leeds takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
39	Yellow card for Conor Gallagher.
39	Dangerous challenge by Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace. Stuart Dallas on the receiving end of that.
39	Leeds is in control of the ball.
38	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
38	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Raphinha swings in a cross from the free kick.
37	Yellow card for Joel Ward.
37	Joel Ward from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Daniel James
37	The referee signals a free kick as Pascal Struijk from Leeds trips Joel Ward
36	Leeds is in control of the ball.
36	Safe hands from Vicente Guaita as he comes out and claims the ball
36	Daniel James from Leeds had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
36	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
35	Leeds is in control of the ball.
35	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
35	Poor play by Raphinha as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
35	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
35	Ball possession: Leeds: 56%, Crystal Palace: 44%.
34	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
34	A chance opens up as Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace successfully finds a team mate in the area...
34	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
33	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
33	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
33	The match is being overshadowed by some very harsh play from both sides
32	The referee signals a free kick as Daniel James from Leeds trips Cheikhou Kouyate
32	The referee signals a free kick as Daniel James from Leeds trips Jordan Ayew
31	Leeds is in control of the ball.
30	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Adam Forshaw
30	The referee signals a free kick as Stuart Dallas from Leeds trips Wilfried Zaha
30	Ball possession: Leeds: 57%, Crystal Palace: 43%.
29	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Forshaw from Leeds trips Conor Gallagher
29	Marc Guehi from Crystal Palace is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
29	Kalvin Phillips puts in a cross...
28	Leeds is in control of the ball.
28	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
28	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Jeffrey Schlupp puts in a cross...
27	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Illan Meslier relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
26	Liam Cooper is penalised for pushing Wilfried Zaha.
26	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
26	Leeds is trying to create something here.
25	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
25	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
25	Jordan Ayew puts in a cross...
25	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
25	Ball possession: Leeds: 55%, Crystal Palace: 45%.
24	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
23	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
23	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
23	Kalvin Phillips from Leeds sends an effort wide of target
23	Cheikhou Kouyate could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
23	Leeds is trying to create something here.
22	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Leeds is in control of the ball.
22	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
21	Jeffrey Schlupp fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
21	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
20	Leeds is in control of the ball.
20	Ball possession: Leeds: 56%, Crystal Palace: 44%.
20	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
19	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
19	Daniel James from Leeds is ruled offside.
19	Could be a good chance here as Pascal Struijk from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
18	Leeds is in control of the ball.
18	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
18	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
18	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
17	Adam Forshaw relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
17	Diego Llorente clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
17	Jordan Ayew puts in a cross...
16	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Leeds is in control of the ball.
16	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
16	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
15	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
15	Ball possession: Leeds: 57%, Crystal Palace: 43%.
15	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
15	Adam Forshaw from Leeds tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
14	Leeds is in control of the ball.
14	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
14	Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
13	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
13	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
13	Adam Forshaw from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Cheikhou Kouyate
12	A shot by Jordan Ayew is blocked.
12	Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
12	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
12	Leeds is trying to create something here.
11	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace trips Diego Llorente
11	Leeds is in control of the ball.
10	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
10	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Crystal Palace: 37%.
10	Jordan Ayew relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
9	Raphinha from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
9	Tyrick Mitchell relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Daniel James puts in a cross...
9	Liam Cooper from Leeds had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
9	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
8	Raphinha sees his shot deflected off target
8	Leeds is trying to create something here.
7	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
6	Leeds is in control of the ball.
5	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
5	A shot by Daniel James is blocked.
5	Ball possession: Leeds: 64%, Crystal Palace: 36%.
5	Leeds is in control of the ball.
4	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	A shot by Daniel James is blocked.
3	Leeds is trying to create something here.
3	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
3	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
3	A chance opens up as Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace successfully finds a team mate in the area...
3	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
2	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Leeds is in control of the ball.
1	Conor Gallagher is penalised for pushing Raphinha.
1	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The referee signals a free kick as Mateusz Klich from Leeds trips Marc Guehi
1	The pitch is wet and slippery and it is not helping the players.
1	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
1	Crystal Palace kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Elland Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	Norwich played better, but the game eventually ended in a draw.
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
97	Today's attendance is 50757.
97	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 32%, Norwich: 68%.
97	Max Aarons from Norwich passes the ball, but his team mate can't benefit from it.
97	Norwich is in control of the ball.
96	A shot from Pierre Lees-Melou takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
96	A shot by Lukas Rupp is blocked.
96	Kenny McLean from Norwich sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
96	Billy Gilmour swings in a cross from the free kick.
95	The referee signals a free kick as Isaac Hayden from Newcastle United trips Lukas Rupp
95	Federico Fernandez relieves the pressure with a clearance
95	Billy Gilmour puts in a cross...
95	Norwich is trying to create something here.
94	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
94	Grant Hanley from Norwich sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
94	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
93	Should have been a goal! Pierre Lees-Melou gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Martin Dubravka!
93	CHANCE! Pierre Lees-Melou finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
93	Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
93	Fabian Schaer could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
93	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
92	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
92	Ben Gibson puts in a cross...
92	Great vision by Callum Wilson from Newcastle United as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
92	Teemu Pukki puts in a cross...
92	A shot by Teemu Pukki is blocked.
92	Kenny McLean from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
91	Norwich is in control of the ball.
91	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 6 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Fabian Schaer relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Dimitrios Giannoulis puts in a cross...
90	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
90	Joelinton from Newcastle United crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
90	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 31%, Norwich: 69%.
90	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
90	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Jonjo Shelvey puts in a cross...
89	The referee signals a free kick as Billy Gilmour from Norwich trips Miguel Almiron
89	Norwich is trying to create something here.
88	Adam Idah from Norwich is ruled offside.
88	The game is restarted.
88	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
88	Dangerous challenge by Joelinton from Newcastle United. Lukas Rupp on the receiving end of that.
87	Jonjo Shelvey comes back onto the field.
87	The game is restarted.
86	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United is leaving the pitch because his nose is bleeding.
86	Jonjo Shelvey is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
85	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
85	Ben Gibson is penalised for pushing Fabian Schaer.
85	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
84	Fabian Schaer clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
84	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
83	Norwich is trying to create something here.
83	Norwich is in control of the ball.
82	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	The referee signals a free kick as Teemu Pukki from Norwich trips Federico Fernandez
82	Norwich is in control of the ball.
82	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
81	Teemu Pukki from Norwich sends an effort wide of target
81	Kenny McLean sends a long ball upfield.
81	Norwich is in control of the ball.
81	The referee signals a free kick as Lukas Rupp from Norwich trips Miguel Almiron
80	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 32%, Norwich: 68%.
80	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Dimitrios Giannoulis provided the assist for the goal.
79	GOOOOOAAL! - Teemu Pukki volleys the ball into the back of the net with the left. A great finish!
79	Dimitrios Giannoulis from Norwich makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
79	Poor play by Martin Dubravka as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
79	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
79	Norwich is trying to create something here.
79	Norwich is in control of the ball.
78	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	The game is restarted.
78	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
78	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
77	Allan Saint-Maximin is leaving the field to be replaced by Miguel Almiron in a tactical substitution.
76	Adam Idah from Norwich had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
76	Dimitrios Giannoulis puts in a cross...
76	Norwich is in control of the ball.
76	Good effort by Kenny McLean as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
76	Could be a good chance here as Dimitrios Giannoulis from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
75	Norwich is trying to create something here.
75	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Kenny McLean from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
75	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 32%, Norwich: 68%.
74	Norwich is in control of the ball.
74	That looked a fine chance. Isaac Hayden from Newcastle United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
74	Callum Wilson puts in a cross...
73	Dangerous challenge by Adam Idah from Norwich. Joelinton on the receiving end of that.
73	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
73	Brandon Williams is leaving the field to be replaced by Dimitrios Giannoulis in a tactical substitution.
73	Joseph Willock is leaving the field to be replaced by Isaac Hayden in a tactical substitution.
72	Adam Idah goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
72	Fabian Schaer relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
71	Norwich is trying to create something here.
71	Fabian Schaer relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Billy Gilmour puts in a cross...
71	Norwich is trying to create something here.
71	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Federico Fernandez relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
70	Billy Gilmour from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
70	Norwich is in control of the ball.
70	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 34%, Norwich: 66%.
70	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
69	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United sends an effort wide of target
69	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
69	Newcastle United start a counter attack.
69	Norwich is trying to create something here.
69	Norwich is in control of the ball.
68	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
67	Joshua Sargent is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Idah in a tactical substitution.
67	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Joshua Sargent from Norwich crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
66	Norwich is trying to create something here.
66	Norwich is in control of the ball.
65	Brandon Williams from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joelinton
65	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 36%, Norwich: 64%.
64	Norwich is trying to create something here.
64	Norwich is in control of the ball.
64	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
63	Lukas Rupp from Norwich crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
62	Norwich is trying to create something here.
62	Norwich is in control of the ball.
61	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Callum Wilson from Newcastle United puts it away from the penalty spot with the right foot! Tim Krul was close to denying the opportunity.
60	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 36%, Norwich: 64%.
59	PENALTY! - Billy Gilmour handles the ball in the penalty box! Heavy protests from Billy Gilmour but the ref is uninterested.
59	After VAR check, the referee changed the call and decided to award a penalty for Newcastle United!
58	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
57	Federico Fernandez from Newcastle United heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
57	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
57	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
57	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	A player from Newcastle United takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
56	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
56	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Joshua Sargent relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	Jonjo Shelvey swings in a cross from the free kick.
55	Grant Hanley from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Allan Saint-Maximin
55	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 36%, Norwich: 64%.
55	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
54	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
54	Joshua Sargent from Norwich is ruled offside.
54	Norwich start a counter attack.
53	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
53	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
52	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Norwich is trying to create something here.
51	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
51	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Norwich is trying to create something here.
50	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Javier Manquillo relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Joshua Sargent puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 37%, Norwich: 63%.
49	Norwich is in control of the ball.
49	Billy Gilmour from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
49	Norwich is trying to create something here.
49	Norwich is in control of the ball.
48	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Max Aarons from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jamal Lewis
47	That's a great ball by Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
47	Norwich is trying to create something here.
47	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Jamal Lewis relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Lukas Rupp from Norwich chips the ball into the penalty box.
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Christos Tzolis is leaving the field to be replaced by Pierre Lees-Melou in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
48	Norwich had the ball in their control, but couldnt go into the pause with the lead.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 38%, Norwich: 62%.
47	Norwich is in control of the ball.
47	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
47	Joelinton fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
47	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
46	Good effort by Christos Tzolis as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
46	Brandon Williams of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Norwich is trying to create something here.
45	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 38%, Norwich: 62%.
45	Allan Saint-Maximin is penalised for pushing Ben Gibson.
45	Great vision by Joelinton from Newcastle United as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
45	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
44	Norwich is trying to create something here.
44	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
44	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
43	Kenny McLean from Norwich tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
43	Norwich is trying to create something here.
42	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Norwich is in control of the ball.
42	The match resumes with a drop ball.
41	The play is stopped for a brief moment, as the ball was touched by the referee.
41	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
40	Teemu Pukki from Norwich is ruled offside.
40	Norwich is in control of the ball.
40	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
40	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 38%, Norwich: 62%.
39	Lukas Rupp from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
39	Norwich is trying to create something here.
39	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
38	Christos Tzolis from Norwich makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
38	Great skill from Christos Tzolis as he dribbles past his opponents
38	Grant Hanley from Norwich heads the ball to a team mate.
38	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
37	Christos Tzolis sees his shot deflected off target
37	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
37	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
37	Norwich is in control of the ball.
36	Callum Wilson relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Billy Gilmour swings in a cross from the free kick.
36	The referee signals a free kick as Javier Manquillo from Newcastle United trips Brandon Williams
36	The referee signals a free kick as Joelinton from Newcastle United trips Brandon Williams
35	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
35	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 38%, Norwich: 62%.
35	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United sends an effort wide of target
35	Joseph Willock puts in a cross...
35	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
34	Joelinton puts in a cross...
34	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Javier Manquillo from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
34	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
34	Newcastle United plays a short goal kick.
33	Norwich is trying to create something here.
33	Norwich is in control of the ball.
33	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
33	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
32	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
32	Christos Tzolis from Norwich heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
32	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
32	A shot by Joshua Sargent is blocked.
32	Ben Gibson sends a long ball upfield.
31	Norwich is in control of the ball.
31	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
30	Joshua Sargent from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
30	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 42%, Norwich: 58%.
30	Norwich is in control of the ball.
30	Billy Gilmour from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
30	Brandon Williams from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
29	Grant Hanley from Norwich heads the ball to a team mate.
29	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
29	That looked a fine chance. Christos Tzolis from Norwich directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
28	Norwich is trying to create something here.
28	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
28	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
28	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	Norwich is trying to create something here.
26	Norwich is in control of the ball.
26	The referee signals a free kick as Jamal Lewis from Newcastle United trips Lukas Rupp
25	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
25	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 45%, Norwich: 55%.
25	Fabian Schaer comes back onto the field.
24	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
24	The game is restarted.
24	Fabian Schaer is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
23	Fabian Schaer is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
23	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
22	Norwich is trying to create something here.
22	Jamal Lewis relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
21	Norwich is trying to create something here.
20	Norwich is in control of the ball.
20	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
20	Max Aarons comes back onto the field.
20	Joelinton fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
20	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 50%, Norwich: 50%.
20	The game is restarted.
19	Max Aarons is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
19	Max Aarons is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
19	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
18	Teemu Pukki from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joseph Willock
18	Max Aarons from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jonjo Shelvey
18	Norwich is in control of the ball.
17	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
17	Teemu Pukki from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but Martin Dubravka comes out to smother the ball.
17	Could be a good chance here as Brandon Williams from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
16	Norwich is in control of the ball.
16	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
15	Kenny McLean from Norwich passes the ball, but his team mate can't benefit from it.
15	Norwich is trying to create something here.
15	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 60%, Norwich: 40%.
14	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
13	Norwich is in control of the ball.
13	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
12	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
12	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
11	Ryan Fraser is leaving the field to be replaced by Federico Fernandez in a tactical substitution.
11	A direct free kick from Billy Gilmour results in a corner kick after a save by the keeper.
10	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 60%, Norwich: 40%.
9	SENT OFF! - After a professional foul, Ciaran Clark is sent off as he was the last man!
9	Ciaran Clark from Newcastle United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Teemu Pukki
9	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Ryan Fraser from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
8	Kenny McLean clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
8	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
7	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	Norwich is in control of the ball.
6	Norwich is trying to create something here.
6	Goal kick for Norwich.
6	Jonjo Shelvey fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
5	A shot by Ryan Fraser is blocked.
5	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
5	Norwich is trying to create something here.
5	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 80%, Norwich: 20%.
4	The referee signals a free kick as Ryan Fraser from Newcastle United trips Christos Tzolis
4	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
3	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Jamal Lewis puts in a cross...
3	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
3	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
2	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
1	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Norwich kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to St James' Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
99	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
99	Today's attendance is 40041.
98	Ball possession: Chelsea: 66%, Manchester United: 34%.
98	Goal kick for Manchester United.
97	CHANCE! Antonio Ruediger has a great chance to score but his volleyed effort fails to hit the target!
97	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
97	Danger! Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
97	The referee signals a free kick as Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United trips Christian Pulisic
97	Great defending by Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea to prevent his team conceding a goal.
96	Eric Bailly from Manchester United receives a yellow card for time wasting.
95	Yellow card for Jorginho.
95	Jorginho from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Donny van de Beek
95	Ball possession: Chelsea: 66%, Manchester United: 34%.
95	Jesse Lingard is penalised for pushing Trevoh Chalobah.
95	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Alex Telles puts in a cross...
94	Ruben Loftus-Cheek relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Alex Telles from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
94	The referee is not having the complaints from Thomas Tuchel who is given a yellow card for dissent
93	Thiago Silva clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
93	Danger! Jesse Lingard from Manchester United successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
92	Scott McTominay comes back onto the field.
92	The match resumes with a drop ball.
92	The referee is not having the complaints from Cristiano Ronaldo who is given a yellow card for dissent
92	Scott McTominay is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Scott McTominay is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
90	Ball possession: Chelsea: 64%, Manchester United: 36%.
90	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
90	A shot by Hakim Ziyech is blocked.
90	A chance opens up as Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
90	Mason Mount puts in a cross...
89	Eric Bailly could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
89	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
89	Bruno Fernandes is leaving the field to be replaced by Donny van de Beek in a tactical substitution.
88	Fred shoots from outside the box, but Edouard Mendy has it under control
88	Edouard Mendy could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
87	Victor Lindelof relieves the pressure with a clearance
87	Poor play by David De Gea as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
87	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
87	Alex Telles clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
87	Eric Bailly relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Mason Mount puts in a cross...
86	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
86	Goal kick for Manchester United.
85	Reece James from Chelsea crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
85	Ball possession: Chelsea: 63%, Manchester United: 37%.
85	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
84	Goal kick for Manchester United.
84	A chance presents itself to Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea but his header goes wide
84	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
83	Eric Bailly clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
83	Mason Mount puts in a cross...
83	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
82	Goal kick for Manchester United.
82	Timo Werner is leaving the field to be replaced by Romelu Lukaku in a tactical substitution.
82	Reece James fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
81	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
81	Hakim Ziyech puts in a cross...
81	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Good effort by Hakim Ziyech as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
80	Great skill from Hakim Ziyech as he dribbles past his opponents
80	A chance opens up as Mason Mount from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
80	Jesse Lingard from Manchester United concedes a foul on Reece James but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
80	Ball possession: Chelsea: 63%, Manchester United: 37%.
79	Goal kick for Manchester United.
79	Reece James from Chelsea sends an effort wide of target
79	A shot by Timo Werner is blocked.
79	Danger! Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
78	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Callum Hudson-Odoi is leaving the field to be replaced by Christian Pulisic in a tactical substitution.
78	Marcos Alonso is leaving the field to be replaced by Mason Mount in a tactical substitution.
77	Marcus Rashford is leaving the field to be replaced by Jesse Lingard in a tactical substitution.
77	Yellow card for Bruno Fernandes.
77	Reckless challenge there. Bruno Fernandes commits a rough foul on Thiago Silva
76	Victor Lindelof relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
76	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
75	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Ball possession: Chelsea: 64%, Manchester United: 36%.
75	Ruben Loftus-Cheek relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Alex Telles from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
74	Thiago Silva clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
74	Fred puts in a cross...
73	The referee signals a free kick as Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United trips Reece James
73	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Goal kick for Manchester United.
73	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea sends an effort wide of target
73	Reece James from Chelsea successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
73	Jorginho from Chelsea successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
72	A shot by Ruben Loftus-Cheek is blocked.
72	A chance opens up as Marcos Alonso from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
72	A chance opens up as Timo Werner from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
72	Danger! Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
71	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Bruno Fernandes relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
70	Fred clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
70	Reece James puts in a cross...
70	Danger! Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
70	Ball possession: Chelsea: 63%, Manchester United: 37%.
69	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Jorginho from Chelsea puts it away from the penalty spot with the right foot! David De Gea chose the wrong side.
67	PENALTY - Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United concedes a penalty for tripping Thiago Silva.
67	Eric Bailly relieves the pressure with a clearance
67	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
66	Bruno Fernandes clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
66	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
66	Bruno Fernandes clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
66	Reece James swings in a cross from the free kick.
65	Scott McTominay is penalised for pushing Antonio Ruediger.
65	Ball possession: Chelsea: 63%, Manchester United: 37%.
65	The referee signals a free kick as Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United trips Marcos Alonso
64	Goal kick for Manchester United.
64	Jadon Sancho is leaving the field to be replaced by Cristiano Ronaldo in a tactical substitution.
64	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
64	Eric Bailly relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
63	Eric Bailly clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
63	Reece James puts in a cross...
63	Nemanja Matic relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Hakim Ziyech puts in a cross...
62	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
62	The referee signals a free kick as Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea trips Bruno Fernandes
61	A shot by Hakim Ziyech is blocked.
61	Aaron Wan-Bissaka relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
60	Victor Lindelof clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
60	Reece James puts in a cross...
60	Ball possession: Chelsea: 64%, Manchester United: 36%.
60	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
59	Trevoh Chalobah from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Marcus Rashford
59	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Goal kick for Manchester United.
58	How did he miss that? Timo Werner has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
58	Poor play by Aaron Wan-Bissaka as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
58	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
57	Eric Bailly clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
57	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
57	Fred from Manchester United sends an effort wide of target
56	Manchester United start a counter attack.
56	David De Gea relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
56	Scott McTominay clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
56	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
56	Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
55	Danger! Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
55	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Ball possession: Chelsea: 68%, Manchester United: 32%.
55	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
55	Marcos Alonso relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Alex Telles puts in a cross...
54	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
53	Yellow card for Reece James.
53	The referee signals a free kick as Reece James from Chelsea trips Marcus Rashford
53	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
53	Timo Werner from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
52	Danger! Reece James from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
52	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	The referee signals a free kick as Eric Bailly from Manchester United trips Hakim Ziyech
50	Ball possession: Chelsea: 68%, Manchester United: 32%.
50	GOOOOOAAL! - Jadon Sancho finds the net with the right foot!
50	CHANCE! Jadon Sancho finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
50	Jadon Sancho from Manchester United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
50	Jorginho could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
50	Jadon Sancho relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Reece James swings in a cross from the free kick.
49	Yellow card for Marcus Rashford.
49	Reckless challenge there. Marcus Rashford commits a rough foul on Trevoh Chalobah
49	A shot by Timo Werner is blocked.
48	The referee signals a free kick as Trevoh Chalobah from Chelsea trips Fred
47	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
47	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Chelsea: 68%, Manchester United: 32%.
46	A chance presents itself to Trevoh Chalobah from Chelsea but his header goes wide
46	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
46	David De Gea clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
46	Reece James swings in a cross from the free kick.
45	Scott McTominay from Manchester United is booked after several commited fouls.
45	Scott McTominay from Manchester United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Marcos Alonso
45	Ball possession: Chelsea: 68%, Manchester United: 32%.
44	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
44	Fred from Manchester United had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
44	A chance opens up as Marcus Rashford from Manchester United successfully finds a team mate in the area...
44	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
43	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
43	Scott McTominay is penalised for pushing Jorginho.
42	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
41	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
41	Jadon Sancho from Manchester United had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
41	Danger! Fred from Manchester United successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
41	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Ball possession: Chelsea: 69%, Manchester United: 31%.
40	Goal kick for Manchester United.
40	Reece James fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
40	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
40	Fred could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
39	Eric Bailly relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Antonio Ruediger puts in a cross...
39	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
39	The referee signals a free kick as Eric Bailly from Manchester United trips Hakim Ziyech
38	Ruben Loftus-Cheek is penalised for pushing Fred.
37	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
36	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Good effort by Callum Hudson-Odoi as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
36	Bruno Fernandes could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
35	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Ball possession: Chelsea: 69%, Manchester United: 31%.
35	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Timo Werner from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
33	A shot by Callum Hudson-Odoi is blocked.
33	Great skill from Callum Hudson-Odoi as he dribbles past his opponents
33	Hakim Ziyech puts in a cross...
33	Danger! Timo Werner from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
33	Scott McTominay relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
32	A shot by Timo Werner is blocked.
32	Danger averted there as Thiago Silva from Chelsea clears the danger with a good tackle
31	Reece James from Chelsea is ruled offside.
31	Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea sees his effort hit the crossbar after the keeper parries the ball.
30	Ball possession: Chelsea: 69%, Manchester United: 31%.
30	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Nemanja Matic is penalised for pushing Antonio Ruediger.
29	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	The referee signals a free kick as Reece James from Chelsea trips Alex Telles
27	Danger averted there as Nemanja Matic from Manchester United clears the danger with a good tackle
27	Timo Werner from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
27	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
26	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
26	Reece James puts in a cross...
26	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
25	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
25	Ball possession: Chelsea: 71%, Manchester United: 29%.
25	A chance presents itself to Timo Werner from Chelsea but his header goes wide
25	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
24	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
24	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
23	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
22	Reece James puts in a cross...
22	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
22	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
21	Bruno Fernandes goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
21	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
20	The referee signals a free kick as Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea trips Jadon Sancho
20	Aaron Wan-Bissaka relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Danger! Jorginho from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
20	Ball possession: Chelsea: 71%, Manchester United: 29%.
19	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
18	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
18	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea sends an effort wide of target
18	A chance opens up as Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
18	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
17	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United is ruled offside.
16	Callum Hudson-Odoi is penalised for pushing Aaron Wan-Bissaka.
16	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
15	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea is ruled offside.
15	Ball possession: Chelsea: 79%, Manchester United: 21%.
15	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
14	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
14	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
13	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
12	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Jorginho from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
12	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Hakim Ziyech is penalised for pushing Nemanja Matic.
11	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Chelsea: 86%, Manchester United: 14%.
10	The referee signals a free kick as Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea trips Scott McTominay
10	Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
10	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
9	Timo Werner from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
9	A shot by Timo Werner is blocked.
9	Scott McTominay relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Reece James swings in a cross from the free kick.
8	Nemanja Matic from Manchester United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Hakim Ziyech
8	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
7	Goal kick for Manchester United.
7	Timo Werner is penalised for pushing Victor Lindelof.
6	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	The referee signals a free kick as Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea trips Fred
5	Bruno Fernandes comes back onto the field.
5	The match resumes with a drop ball.
5	Bruno Fernandes is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
5	Ball possession: Chelsea: 50%, Manchester United: 50%.
4	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
4	Bruno Fernandes relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
4	Should have been a goal! Callum Hudson-Odoi gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by David De Gea!
4	Aaron Wan-Bissaka could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
4	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
3	A shot from Hakim Ziyech takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
3	Danger! Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
3	Great skill from Callum Hudson-Odoi as he dribbles past his opponents
2	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
1	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	It's a cold day for playing football.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Chelsea kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Stamford Bridge, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Ivan Toney from Brentford is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
96	Both teams could have won today but Brentford just managed to carve out the victory
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Ball possession: Brentford: 39%, Everton: 61%.
96	Goal kick for Everton.
96	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford sends an effort wide of target
96	Shandon Baptiste from Brentford sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
95	Brentford with a potentially dangerous attack.
95	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
95	Everton is trying to create something here.
94	Good effort by Yoane Wissa as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
94	Shandon Baptiste of Brentford passes the ball to a team mate.
94	Allan could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
94	Abdoulaye Doucoure is penalised for pushing Ivan Toney.
93	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford receives a yellow card for time wasting.
91	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	Demarai Gray from Everton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
91	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Vitaly Janelt from Brentford trips Abdoulaye Doucoure
90	Ball possession: Brentford: 42%, Everton: 58%.
89	Today's attendance is 16957.
89	Alex Iwobi sends a header towards goal, but Alvaro Fernandez is there to comfortably save it
89	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
89	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	A shot by Lucas Digne is blocked.
88	Ivan Toney relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Anthony Gordon from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
88	Ethan Pinnock clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
88	Alex Iwobi from Everton sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
88	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Goal kick for Brentford.
87	Sergi Canos is leaving the field to be replaced by Yoane Wissa in a tactical substitution.
87	Demarai Gray from Everton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
86	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Demarai Gray puts in a cross...
86	Everton is trying to create something here.
85	Everton is in control of the ball.
85	Ball possession: Brentford: 41%, Everton: 59%.
85	Goal kick for Brentford.
85	A chance presents itself to Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton but his header goes wide
84	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
84	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Demarai Gray puts in a cross...
84	Everton is trying to create something here.
84	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
84	Frank Onyeka puts in a cross...
84	Jose Salomon Rondon relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
83	Dangerous challenge by Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton. Frank Onyeka on the receiving end of that.
82	Goal kick for Everton.
82	Sergi Canos from Brentford takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
80	Yellow card for Ben Godfrey.
80	Ben Godfrey from Everton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ivan Toney
80	Anthony Gordon from Everton is ruled offside.
80	Ball possession: Brentford: 43%, Everton: 57%.
79	Everton is trying to create something here.
79	The referee signals a free kick as Lucas Digne from Everton trips Charlie Goode
78	That looked a fine chance. Demarai Gray from Everton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
78	Brentford is in control of the ball.
77	Rico Henry is leaving the field to be replaced by Mads Roerslev in a tactical substitution.
77	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	Anthony Gordon from Everton sends a deflected cross into the box.
77	Everton is in control of the ball.
76	Demarai Gray from Everton tries a long distance effort. The shot is helped on by an awkward deflection but Alvaro Fernandez is alert and saves it.
76	Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
76	Anthony Gordon puts in a cross...
75	Everton is trying to create something here.
75	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
75	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
75	Ball possession: Brentford: 42%, Everton: 58%.
74	Everton is in control of the ball.
74	Goal kick for Brentford.
74	Ivan Toney relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
73	Everton is trying to create something here.
73	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	Everton is in control of the ball.
71	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Ben Godfrey relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Charlie Goode puts in a cross...
70	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Ball possession: Brentford: 42%, Everton: 58%.
70	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Andros Townsend is leaving the field to be replaced by Demarai Gray in a tactical substitution.
70	Christian Noergaard is leaving the field to be replaced by Shandon Baptiste in a tactical substitution.
69	Allan relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
68	Charlie Goode relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Lucas Digne swings in a cross from the free kick.
68	The game is restarted.
66	The referee shows Pontus Jansson the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
66	The referee shows Jose Salomon Rondon the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
66	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
65	The referee signals a free kick as Sergi Canos from Brentford trips Lucas Digne
65	Bryan Mbeumo relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
65	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Anthony Gordon puts in a cross...
65	Everton is trying to create something here.
65	Ball possession: Brentford: 43%, Everton: 57%.
64	Alex Iwobi relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Sergi Canos swings in a cross from the free kick.
63	Allan is penalised for pushing Bryan Mbeumo.
63	Brentford is trying to create something here.
62	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Everton is in control of the ball.
62	The ref blows his whistle. Bryan Mbeumo charged Seamus Coleman from behind and it's a free-kick
61	Anthony Gordon from Everton is ruled offside.
61	Could be a good chance here as Alex Iwobi from Everton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
61	Everton is trying to create something here.
60	Ball possession: Brentford: 42%, Everton: 58%.
60	Brentford is trying to create something here.
60	Alex Iwobi has a great chance to score, but Alvaro Fernandez comes out strongly to save!
60	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
60	Oh no. From a promising position Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
60	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
59	Everton is trying to create something here.
58	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Brentford is trying to create something here.
58	Goal kick for Brentford.
57	Andros Townsend from Everton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
57	Everton is trying to create something here.
57	Andros Townsend is penalised for pushing Ivan Toney.
57	Seamus Coleman from Everton sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
57	A shot by Jose Salomon Rondon is blocked.
57	Seamus Coleman from Everton makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	Seamus Coleman from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
56	Everton with a potentially dangerous attack.
56	Brentford is in control of the ball.
56	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
56	Seamus Coleman from Everton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
56	Danger! Andros Townsend from Everton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
55	Everton is in control of the ball.
55	Ball possession: Brentford: 56%, Everton: 44%.
55	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
54	Lucas Digne comes back onto the field.
54	Brentford is in control of the ball.
54	The game is restarted.
53	Lucas Digne is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
52	Lucas Digne is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
52	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
52	Brentford is trying to create something here.
51	Yellow card for Sergi Canos.
51	The referee signals a free kick as Sergi Canos from Brentford trips Lucas Digne
51	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Everton is in control of the ball.
50	Ball possession: Brentford: 45%, Everton: 55%.
50	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
49	Jose Salomon Rondon goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
49	Everton is trying to create something here.
48	Brentford is in control of the ball.
48	Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton is ruled offside.
48	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
48	Everton is trying to create something here.
47	Everton is in control of the ball.
47	The ref blows his whistle. Ethan Pinnock charged Andros Townsend from behind and it's a free-kick
47	Everton plays a short goal kick.
47	Sergi Canos from Brentford fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
46	Poor play by Michael Keane as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
46	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
46	Brentford is trying to create something here.
46	The second half is underway.
48	The only goal scored by Brentford gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Brentford: 45%, Everton: 55%.
47	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Anthony Gordon from Everton heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
47	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
47	Jose Salomon Rondon sees his shot deflected off target
46	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
46	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
46	Everton is trying to create something here.
46	Abdoulaye Doucoure relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
45	Jordan Pickford relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Christian Noergaard puts in a cross...
45	Ball possession: Brentford: 45%, Everton: 55%.
44	Brentford is in control of the ball.
44	Goal kick for Brentford.
44	Lucas Digne goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
43	Yellow card for Frank Onyeka.
43	Frank Onyeka from Brentford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Anthony Gordon
42	Everton is in control of the ball.
42	Good effort by Bryan Mbeumo as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
42	Ivan Toney from Brentford sends a deflected cross into the box.
42	Brentford is trying to create something here.
41	Everton is trying to create something here.
40	Ball possession: Brentford: 47%, Everton: 53%.
40	Dangerous challenge by Ben Godfrey from Everton. Vitaly Janelt on the receiving end of that.
40	Seamus Coleman from Everton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
40	Christian Noergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
39	Everton with a potentially dangerous attack.
39	Brentford is in control of the ball.
39	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Yellow card for Andros Townsend.
38	Andros Townsend is penalised for pushing Frank Onyeka.
38	Everton is in control of the ball.
37	Sergi Canos comes back onto the field.
37	The match resumes with a drop ball.
37	Sergi Canos is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
36	Sergi Canos is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
36	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
36	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
36	Lucas Digne swings in a cross from the free kick.
35	The ref blows his whistle. Sergi Canos charged Anthony Gordon from behind and it's a free-kick
35	Everton is in control of the ball.
35	Ball possession: Brentford: 49%, Everton: 51%.
34	Dangerous challenge by Frank Onyeka from Brentford. Allan on the receiving end of that.
34	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
33	Brentford is in control of the ball.
33	Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
32	Lucas Digne from Everton sends a deflected cross into the box.
32	Brentford is trying to create something here.
32	Everton is trying to create something here.
31	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
31	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
31	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Brentford is in control of the ball.
30	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
30	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
30	Everton is trying to create something here.
30	Ball possession: Brentford: 48%, Everton: 52%.
29	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
29	Everton is in control of the ball.
28	Brentford is in control of the ball.
27	Ethan Pinnock sends a header towards goal, but Jordan Pickford is there to comfortably save it
27	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
27	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Great defending by Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
27	CHANCE! Vitaly Janelt finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
27	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford plays a cheeky 1-2 with Ivan Toney.
27	Brentford with a potentially dangerous attack.
26	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
26	Frank Onyeka puts in a cross...
26	Brentford with a potentially dangerous attack.
26	Jose Salomon Rondon sends a header towards goal, but Alvaro Fernandez is there to comfortably save it
26	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
25	Alvaro Fernandez saved a certain goal there! Jose Salomon Rondon found himself in a great scoring position but Alvaro Fernandez denied him with a great save
25	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
25	Everton is trying to create something here.
25	Frank Onyeka comes back onto the field.
25	Ball possession: Brentford: 50%, Everton: 50%.
25	The game is restarted.
24	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Ivan Toney from Brentford puts it away from the penalty spot with the right foot! Jordan Pickford chose the wrong side.
23	Frank Onyeka is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
22	PENALTY - Andros Townsend from Everton concedes a penalty for dangerous play against Frank Onyeka.
22	After VAR check, the referee changed the call and decided to award a penalty for Brentford!
21	Frank Onyeka is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
21	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
21	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
21	A shot by Jose Salomon Rondon is blocked.
21	A chance opens up as Anthony Gordon from Everton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
21	Everton start a counter attack.
20	Jordan Pickford relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Sergi Canos from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
20	Ball possession: Brentford: 48%, Everton: 52%.
20	Allan clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
20	Sergi Canos from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
19	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
19	Brentford is trying to create something here.
19	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	Brentford is in control of the ball.
18	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Brentford is in control of the ball.
17	Everton is in control of the ball.
16	Brentford is in control of the ball.
16	Jose Salomon Rondon relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	Sergi Canos swings in a cross from the free kick.
15	Anthony Gordon is penalised for pushing Sergi Canos.
15	Brentford is trying to create something here.
15	Ball possession: Brentford: 33%, Everton: 67%.
14	Andros Townsend from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Everton is trying to create something here.
14	Lucas Digne relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
14	Brentford is in control of the ball.
13	Everton is in control of the ball.
12	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Brentford is in control of the ball.
11	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Jordan Pickford relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
10	Brentford start a counter attack.
10	Ivan Toney relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Anthony Gordon from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
10	Ball possession: Brentford: 46%, Everton: 54%.
10	Frank Onyeka clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
10	Anthony Gordon from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
10	Sergi Canos relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
9	Everton is trying to create something here.
9	Brentford is in control of the ball.
9	Dangerous challenge by Anthony Gordon from Everton. Vitaly Janelt on the receiving end of that.
8	Everton is trying to create something here.
7	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Everton is in control of the ball.
6	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
6	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
6	Sergi Canos from Brentford takes a short corner kick from the left.
5	Jordan Pickford clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
5	Vitaly Janelt puts in a cross...
5	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ball possession: Brentford: 50%, Everton: 50%.
4	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Everton is in control of the ball.
4	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
4	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
3	Everton is trying to create something here.
2	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
2	Brentford is trying to create something here.
2	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Everton is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Everton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Brentford Community Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Wolverhampton Wanderers just managed to keep the parity in the game.
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Ball possession: Norwich: 44%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 56%.
93	Today's attendance is 26911.
93	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	Hee-Chan Hwang is leaving the field to be replaced by Ki-Jana Hoever in a tactical substitution.
91	Kieran Dowell from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
91	Norwich is in control of the ball.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Lukas Rupp relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
90	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
90	Ball possession: Norwich: 44%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 56%.
89	Norwich is in control of the ball.
89	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
89	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
88	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
88	How did he miss that? Teemu Pukki has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
87	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
87	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
86	Raul Jimenez goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
86	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Ruben Neves puts in a cross...
86	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Norwich: 45%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 55%.
85	Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
85	Leander Dendoncker from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
85	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Joao Moutinho swings in a cross from the free kick.
84	The referee signals a free kick as Kieran Dowell from Norwich trips Leander Dendoncker
84	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
83	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
83	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Billy Gilmour swings in a cross from the free kick.
82	Milot Rashica is leaving the field to be replaced by Kieran Dowell in a tactical substitution.
82	The referee signals a free kick as Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Christos Tzolis
82	Could be a good chance here as Max Aarons from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
81	Norwich is in control of the ball.
81	Norwich is in control of the ball.
80	Good effort by Lukas Rupp as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
80	Milot Rashica from Norwich makes a great pass and space opens up...
80	Milot Rashica from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
80	Norwich start a counter attack.
80	Ball possession: Norwich: 46%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 54%.
79	Hee-Chan Hwang is penalised for pushing Grant Hanley.
79	Could be a good chance here as Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
79	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
78	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
78	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
78	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
78	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
77	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
77	Hee-Chan Hwang of Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball to a team mate.
77	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
76	Nelson Semedo is leaving the field to be replaced by Leander Dendoncker in a tactical substitution.
76	Brandon Williams clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
76	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
75	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Ball possession: Norwich: 46%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 54%.
74	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Raul Jimenez relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
74	The home team are really starting to put pressure the opposition now.
74	Max Aarons from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
74	Milot Rashica from Norwich successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
74	Could be a good chance here as Brandon Williams from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
73	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	The referee signals a free kick as Max Aarons from Norwich trips Romain Saiss
72	A shot by Milot Rashica is blocked.
72	Milot Rashica from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
72	Norwich start a counter attack.
71	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Ruben Neves relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
70	Jose Sa saved a certain goal there! Teemu Pukki found himself in a great scoring position but Jose Sa denied him with a great save
70	CHANCE! Teemu Pukki finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
70	Could be a good chance here as Lukas Rupp from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
70	Nelson Semedo relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Lukas Rupp puts in a cross...
70	Ball possession: Norwich: 47%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 53%.
69	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
69	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Joshua Sargent is leaving the field to be replaced by Christos Tzolis in a tactical substitution.
68	Trincao is leaving the field to be replaced by Adama Traore in a tactical substitution.
68	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
67	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
66	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
65	Teemu Pukki from Norwich is ruled offside.
65	Could be a good chance here as Lukas Rupp from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
65	Ball possession: Norwich: 45%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 55%.
64	Norwich is in control of the ball.
63	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
63	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
62	Norwich is in control of the ball.
62	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
61	Nelson Semedo relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Could be a good chance here as Billy Gilmour from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
61	Norwich start a counter attack.
61	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
60	Great defending by Conor Coady from Wolverhampton Wanderers to prevent his team conceding a goal.
60	Danger! Billy Gilmour from Norwich successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
60	Ball possession: Norwich: 45%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 55%.
60	Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
59	Joao Moutinho puts in a cross...
59	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the left.
58	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
58	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
58	Norwich start a counter attack.
57	Good effort by Rayan Ait Nouri as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
57	Hee-Chan Hwang of Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball to a team mate.
57	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
56	Romain Saiss puts in a cross...
56	The referee signals a free kick as Brandon Williams from Norwich trips Raul Jimenez
55	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Ball possession: Norwich: 45%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 55%.
54	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
54	Nelson Semedo relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
53	A shot by Lukas Rupp is blocked.
53	Milot Rashica from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
53	After a tactical foul, Nelson Semedo sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
53	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Milot Rashica
52	A shot by Lukas Rupp is blocked.
52	Raul Jimenez is penalised for pushing Brandon Williams.
51	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Lukas Rupp from Norwich crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
51	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
50	The referee runs back to show Ben Gibson from Norwich a yellow card for the previous foul.
50	Milot Rashica fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
50	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
50	Norwich is trying to create something here.
50	Ball possession: Norwich: 44%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 56%.
49	Ben Gibson from Norwich concedes a foul on Raul Jimenez but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
49	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
49	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
48	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Nelson Semedo relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Milot Rashica swings in a cross from the free kick.
47	Trincao is penalised for pushing Brandon Williams.
47	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
46	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Trincao puts in a cross...
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
46	The second half is underway.
48	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Norwich: 44%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 56%.
47	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Norwich is in control of the ball.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Lukas Rupp from Norwich trips Hee-Chan Hwang
45	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Good effort by Teemu Pukki as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
45	Jose Sa saved a certain goal there! Max Aarons found himself in a great scoring position but Jose Sa denied him with a great save
45	Some neat football here as Max Aarons from Norwich plays a 1-2 with Lukas Rupp.
45	Great skill from Max Aarons as he dribbles past his opponents
45	Ball possession: Norwich: 44%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 56%.
44	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
44	Conor Coady from Wolverhampton Wanderers fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
44	Tim Krul relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
43	Grant Hanley clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
43	Joao Moutinho tests Tim Krul with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
43	Poor play by Tim Krul as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
42	Joshua Sargent from Norwich makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
42	Billy Gilmour puts in a cross...
41	Norwich is in control of the ball.
41	Danger averted there as Kenny McLean from Norwich clears the danger with a good tackle
41	Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
40	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
40	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Ball possession: Norwich: 36%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 64%.
39	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
39	Norwich is in control of the ball.
38	Dangerous challenge by Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers. Lukas Rupp on the receiving end of that.
38	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
38	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
38	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
37	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Norwich is in control of the ball.
36	Lukas Rupp from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
36	Oh no. From a promising position Joshua Sargent from Norwich miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
35	Teemu Pukki of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
35	Goal kick for Norwich.
35	The game is restarted.
35	Mathias Normann is injured and is replaced by Lukas Rupp.
35	Ball possession: Norwich: 35%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 65%.
34	Mathias Normann is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
34	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
33	That's a great ball by Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
33	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
33	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
32	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
32	Milot Rashica goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
31	After a tactical foul, Ruben Neves sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
31	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Teemu Pukki
30	Reckless challenge there. Hee-Chan Hwang commits a rough foul on Max Aarons
30	Ball possession: Norwich: 33%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 67%.
30	Norwich is in control of the ball.
29	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Teemu Pukki from Norwich crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
28	Norwich is in control of the ball.
27	The ref blows his whistle. Grant Hanley charged Hee-Chan Hwang from behind and it's a free-kick
27	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
26	After a tactical foul, Billy Gilmour sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
26	The referee signals a free kick as Billy Gilmour from Norwich trips Hee-Chan Hwang
26	Milot Rashica is penalised for pushing Conor Coady.
26	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
26	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	Norwich is trying to create something here.
25	Mathias Normann comes back onto the field.
25	Goal kick for Norwich.
25	The game is restarted.
25	Ball possession: Norwich: 32%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 68%.
24	Mathias Normann is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
23	Mathias Normann is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
23	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
23	That's a great ball by Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
22	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
21	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
21	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
21	Teemu Pukki has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
21	Could be a good chance here as Billy Gilmour from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
21	Norwich start a counter attack.
21	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
20	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Norwich: 35%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 65%.
19	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Great vision by Mathias Normann from Norwich as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
18	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
18	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
18	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
17	Billy Gilmour is penalised for pushing Raul Jimenez.
17	Joshua Sargent from Norwich had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
17	Could be a good chance here as Billy Gilmour from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
16	The referee signals a free kick as Mathias Normann from Norwich trips Rayan Ait Nouri
16	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
15	Romain Saiss clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
15	Milot Rashica swings in a cross from the free kick.
15	The referee signals a free kick as Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Max Aarons
15	Ball possession: Norwich: 35%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 65%.
14	Norwich is trying to create something here.
14	Brandon Williams is penalised for pushing Nelson Semedo.
14	Ruben Neves relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
13	Romain Saiss is penalised for pushing Kenny McLean.
13	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
12	That's a great ball by Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
12	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
12	Norwich is in control of the ball.
11	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
10	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers sends an effort wide of target
10	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
10	The game is in a period of relative inactivity, with neither side able to apply pressure.
10	Ball possession: Norwich: 51%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 49%.
9	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
8	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
7	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
6	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
6	Joshua Sargent fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
6	Teemu Pukki of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
6	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
5	Teemu Pukki goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
5	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
5	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Ball possession: Norwich: 50%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 50%.
4	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
4	A chance presents itself to Grant Hanley from Norwich but his header goes wide
4	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
4	Joshua Sargent from Norwich sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
3	Norwich is in control of the ball.
3	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
2	Norwich is in control of the ball.
2	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
1	Mathias Normann could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	It's a cold day for playing football.
1	Norwich kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Carrow Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 59886.
96	Ball possession: Arsenal: 66%, Newcastle United: 34%.
96	Aaron Ramsdale relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Ryan Fraser from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
96	Aaron Ramsdale clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
96	Ryan Fraser puts in a cross...
95	Newcastle United with a potentially dangerous attack.
94	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
94	Great skill from Allan Saint-Maximin as he dribbles past his opponents
94	The game is restarted.
93	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
93	Gabriel Martinelli comes back onto the field.
93	Callum Wilson is penalised for pushing Ben White.
93	Jacob Murphy puts in a cross...
93	Joseph Willock of Newcastle United passes the ball to a team mate.
93	Joseph Willock from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
92	Newcastle United plays a short goal kick.
92	Gabriel Martinelli is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Gabriel Martinelli is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
90	Ball possession: Arsenal: 69%, Newcastle United: 31%.
90	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
90	Gabriel Martinelli goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
89	Takehiro Tomiyasu carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
89	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Jonjo Shelvey is leaving the field to be replaced by Isaac Hayden in a tactical substitution.
88	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
88	A shot by Emile Smith-Rowe is blocked.
87	Arsenal start a counter attack.
87	Allan Saint-Maximin releases a shot, it's parried by Aaron Ramsdale but he can't hold onto it...
87	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
87	Could be a good chance here as Fabian Schaer from Newcastle United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
87	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
87	Great skill from Alexandre Lacazette as he dribbles past his opponents
87	Gabriel Martinelli of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
86	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
85	Ball possession: Arsenal: 68%, Newcastle United: 32%.
85	Thomas is leaving the field to be replaced by Mohamed Elneny in a tactical substitution.
85	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal tries to play a 1-2 with Takehiro Tomiyasu, but the ball is intercepted.
84	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
83	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
82	Good effort by Joseph Willock as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
82	Newcastle United with a potentially dangerous attack.
82	Newcastle United plays a short goal kick.
81	Alexandre Lacazette sends a shot inches wide. Close!
81	Gabriel Martinelli of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
81	Arsenal start a counter attack.
81	Ryan Fraser from Newcastle United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
81	Allan Saint-Maximin of Newcastle United passes the ball to a team mate.
81	Newcastle United with a potentially dangerous attack.
80	Gabriel Martinelli from Arsenal had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
80	Nuno Tavares puts in a cross...
80	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
80	Ball possession: Arsenal: 71%, Newcastle United: 29%.
80	A shot by Jonjo Shelvey is blocked.
80	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
79	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
78	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
77	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
76	Fabian Schaer from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
76	Ryan Fraser swings in a cross from the free kick.
76	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
76	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is leaving the field to be replaced by Alexandre Lacazette in a tactical substitution.
76	Yellow card for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
76	The ref blows his whistle. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang charged Miguel Almiron from behind and it's a free-kick
75	Thomas relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Ryan Fraser puts in a cross...
75	Ball possession: Arsenal: 73%, Newcastle United: 27%.
75	Thomas relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United chips the ball into the penalty box.
75	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Ryan Fraser from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
74	Fabian Schaer sees his shot deflected off target
74	Fabian Schaer from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
74	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Jacob Murphy puts in a cross...
73	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is penalised for pushing Emil Krafth.
73	A shot by Emile Smith-Rowe is blocked.
73	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
73	Great skill from Nuno Tavares as he dribbles past his opponents
72	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
72	That looked a fine chance. Jacob Murphy from Newcastle United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
72	Miguel Almiron of Newcastle United passes the ball to a team mate.
72	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
71	Nuno Tavares is penalised for pushing Jacob Murphy.
71	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang has a great chance to score, but Martin Dubravka comes out strongly to save!
71	CHANCE! Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
71	Emile Smith-Rowe carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
70	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
70	Ball possession: Arsenal: 74%, Newcastle United: 26%.
70	Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
70	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
69	Jonjo Shelvey shoots from outside the box, but Aaron Ramsdale has it under control
69	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Jacob Murphy puts in a cross...
68	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
67	Joelinton is leaving the field to be replaced by Jacob Murphy in a tactical substitution.
67	Matt Ritchie is leaving the field to be replaced by Miguel Almiron in a tactical substitution.
66	Takehiro Tomiyasu provided the assist for the goal.
66	GOOOOOAAL! - Gabriel Martinelli scores with the right foot!
66	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal puts in a great cross...
65	Danger averted there as Nuno Tavares from Arsenal clears the danger with a good tackle
65	Jonjo Shelvey carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
65	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
65	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
65	The game is restarted.
64	Bukayo Saka is leaving the field to be replaced by Gabriel Martinelli in a tactical substitution.
64	Bukayo Saka is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
64	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
63	The referee runs back to show Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United a yellow card for the previous foul.
63	Thomas sees his shot deflected off target
63	Thomas from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
63	A shot by Nuno Tavares is blocked.
63	A shot by Martin Oedegaard is blocked.
63	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
62	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
62	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
61	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal sends a deflected cross into the box.
61	Ball possession: Arsenal: 73%, Newcastle United: 27%.
61	Bukayo Saka comes back onto the field.
60	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
60	The game is restarted.
60	Bukayo Saka is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
59	Bukayo Saka is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
59	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
58	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
58	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
57	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
56	Ball possession: Arsenal: 75%, Newcastle United: 25%.
56	Nuno Tavares provided the assist for the goal.
56	GOOOOOAAL! - Bukayo Saka scores with the left foot!
56	Nuno Tavares of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
56	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
55	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
55	Bukayo Saka puts in a cross...
55	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Dangerous challenge by Joelinton from Newcastle United. Nuno Tavares on the receiving end of that.
53	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
53	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
52	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
52	The referee signals a free kick as Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United trips Emile Smith-Rowe
51	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Ball possession: Arsenal: 77%, Newcastle United: 23%.
51	Good effort by Bukayo Saka as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
51	Great skill from Bukayo Saka as he dribbles past his opponents
50	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
49	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
49	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
49	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
48	Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Yellow card for Emil Krafth.
47	Emil Krafth is penalised for pushing Nuno Tavares.
47	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
47	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
46	The referee signals a free kick as Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal trips Fabian Schaer
46	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
46	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
46	The second half is underway.
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: Arsenal: 80%, Newcastle United: 20%.
50	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
49	Arsenal start a counter attack.
49	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
49	Jonjo Shelvey goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
49	Albert Sambi Lokonga relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Joseph Willock puts in a cross...
49	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Emil Krafth puts in a cross...
48	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
48	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
48	Jonjo Shelvey relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal sends a deflected cross into the box.
48	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
47	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
46	Ball possession: Arsenal: 79%, Newcastle United: 21%.
46	Nuno Tavares goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
46	A shot by Emile Smith-Rowe is blocked.
46	Takehiro Tomiyasu puts in a cross...
46	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal tries to play a 1-2 with Martin Oedegaard, but the ball is intercepted.
45	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal tries to play a 1-2 with Nuno Tavares, but the ball is intercepted.
44	After a tactical foul, Matt Ritchie sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
44	Matt Ritchie is penalised for pushing Bukayo Saka.
43	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	The game is restarted.
42	Martin Dubravka is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
42	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
41	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
41	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang sees a huge opportunity go begging as his shot hits the post!
41	So nearly a goal there! Emile Smith-Rowe's header looked destined for the back of the net but Martin Dubravka saves it!
41	Bukayo Saka of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
40	Great skill from Bukayo Saka as he dribbles past his opponents
40	Ball possession: Arsenal: 78%, Newcastle United: 22%.
40	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
39	Callum Wilson is penalised for pushing Gabriel.
39	Emil Krafth comes back onto the field.
39	The game is restarted.
39	Emil Krafth is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
37	Emil Krafth is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
37	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
36	Martin Dubravka relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Bukayo Saka swings in a cross from the free kick.
35	The referee signals a free kick as Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United trips Bukayo Saka
35	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
35	Ball possession: Arsenal: 77%, Newcastle United: 23%.
34	Joseph Willock is penalised for pushing Martin Oedegaard.
34	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Great skill from Allan Saint-Maximin as he dribbles past his opponents
34	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
33	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
33	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
32	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
31	Ball possession: Arsenal: 77%, Newcastle United: 23%.
31	Takehiro Tomiyasu fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
31	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
31	Jonjo Shelvey shoots from outside the box, but Aaron Ramsdale has it under control
31	Takehiro Tomiyasu relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Ryan Fraser puts in a cross...
31	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
30	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United sees his effort hit the crossbar after the keeper parries the ball.
30	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Ryan Fraser puts in a cross...
30	Ryan Fraser from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
29	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
29	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
29	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
28	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
27	A chance presents itself to Fabian Schaer from Newcastle United but his header goes wide
27	Ryan Fraser from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
26	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
26	Great skill from Allan Saint-Maximin as he dribbles past his opponents
26	The referee signals a free kick as Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal trips Callum Wilson
25	Ball possession: Arsenal: 81%, Newcastle United: 19%.
25	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
24	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
23	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
23	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Bukayo Saka puts in a cross...
22	The match resumes with a drop ball.
21	Ball possession: Arsenal: 81%, Newcastle United: 19%.
21	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
20	Takehiro Tomiyasu goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
20	Emile Smith-Rowe of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
20	A direct free kick from Martin Oedegaard is blocked by the keeper and goes back into play.
19	The referee signals a free kick as Joseph Willock from Newcastle United trips Martin Oedegaard
19	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
18	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
18	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
18	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
17	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
17	Joelinton is penalised for pushing Bukayo Saka.
16	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
16	Bukayo Saka goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
16	Albert Sambi Lokonga carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
15	Ball possession: Arsenal: 82%, Newcastle United: 18%.
15	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
14	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
13	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
12	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
12	Jonjo Shelvey carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
12	Safe hands from Martin Dubravka as he comes out and claims the ball
12	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
11	Nuno Tavares sees his shot deflected off target
11	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
11	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
10	Ball possession: Arsenal: 77%, Newcastle United: 23%.
9	Callum Wilson is penalised for pushing Gabriel.
8	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
7	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
6	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
6	Jonjo Shelvey relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Nuno Tavares puts in a cross...
6	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
5	Ball possession: Arsenal: 60%, Newcastle United: 40%.
5	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Bukayo Saka hand-balls.
3	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
2	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Joelinton from Newcastle United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ben White
1	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Arsenal kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Emirates Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	After a great second half, Tottenham materializes a comeback and walks out of the game with the win!
95	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Ball possession: Tottenham: 43%, Leeds: 57%.
95	Today's attendance is 58989.
94	Dele Alli from Tottenham is ruled offside.
94	The referee runs back to show Kalvin Phillips from Leeds a yellow card for the previous foul.
94	Kalvin Phillips from Leeds concedes a foul on Heung-Min Son but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
93	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Danger averted there as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds clears the danger with a good tackle
93	Harry Kane from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
93	Tottenham start a counter attack.
93	A shot by Harry Kane is blocked.
93	Tottenham start a counter attack.
92	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	Yellow card for Emerson.
91	The ref blows his whistle. Emerson charged Daniel James from behind and it's a free-kick
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Great vision by Daniel James from Leeds as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
91	Tottenham start a counter attack.
90	Leeds is in control of the ball.
90	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
90	Ball possession: Tottenham: 44%, Leeds: 56%.
89	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Lucas Moura is leaving the field to be replaced by Dele Alli in a tactical substitution.
88	Ryan Sessegnon is penalised for pushing Diego Llorente.
87	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Joe Gelhardt is leaving the field to be replaced by Stuart McKinstry in a tactical substitution.
86	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
86	Davinson Sanchez relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
85	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
85	Ryan Sessegnon from Tottenham crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
85	Ball possession: Tottenham: 44%, Leeds: 56%.
85	Daniel James shoots from outside the box, but Hugo Lloris has it under control
84	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	Harry Kane is penalised for pushing Kalvin Phillips.
83	That's a great ball by Tyler Roberts from Leeds. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
83	Leeds is trying to create something here.
82	Eric Dier is penalised for pushing Joe Gelhardt.
81	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
80	Ball possession: Tottenham: 44%, Leeds: 56%.
80	Heung-Min Son fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
80	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
79	Goal kick for Leeds.
79	Sergio Reguilon is leaving the field to be replaced by Ryan Sessegnon in a tactical substitution.
78	Lucas Moura from Tottenham tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
78	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
78	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
77	The referee signals a free kick as Diego Llorente from Leeds trips Heung-Min Son
77	Tyler Roberts from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but Hugo Lloris runs out to collect the ball
76	Could be a good chance here as Junior Firpo from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
76	Ben Davies relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Tyler Roberts puts in a cross...
76	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Ball possession: Tottenham: 45%, Leeds: 55%.
74	Daniel James shoots from outside the box, but Hugo Lloris has it under control
74	Stuart Dallas from Leeds takes a short corner kick from the left.
74	Davinson Sanchez clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
74	Could be a good chance here as Tyler Roberts from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
73	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
73	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg puts in a cross...
72	Adam Forshaw is leaving the field to be replaced by Tyler Roberts in a tactical substitution.
72	The referee signals a free kick as Heung-Min Son from Tottenham trips Diego Llorente
72	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - not to award a penalty for Leeds!
71	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
71	Joe Gelhardt has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
71	Adam Forshaw goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
71	A chance presents itself to Junior Firpo from Leeds but his header goes wide
71	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
70	Daniel James from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
70	Ball possession: Tottenham: 45%, Leeds: 55%.
69	GOAL! It's an easy finish as Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham taps the ball into an open goal with the left foot!
69	Eric Dier takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
68	Japhet Tanganga is leaving the field to be replaced by Davinson Sanchez in a tactical substitution.
67	Yellow card for Liam Cooper.
67	The referee signals a free kick as Liam Cooper from Leeds trips Lucas Moura
67	Lucas Moura from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
67	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Forshaw from Leeds trips Harry Winks
66	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Pascal Struijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Emerson puts in a cross...
65	After a tactical foul, Adam Forshaw sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
65	The ref blows his whistle. Adam Forshaw charged Harry Kane from behind and it's a free-kick
65	Adam Forshaw from Leeds concedes a foul on Harry Kane but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
65	Ball possession: Tottenham: 44%, Leeds: 56%.
65	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
65	Kalvin Phillips from Leeds tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
65	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
64	Illan Meslier saved a certain goal there! Ben Davies found himself in a great scoring position but Illan Meslier denied him with a great save
64	Eric Dier sends a long ball upfield.
64	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
63	Daniel James from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
63	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
62	Eric Dier sends a long ball upfield.
62	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Goal kick for Leeds.
61	Harry Kane has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
61	Great skill from Harry Kane as he dribbles past his opponents
61	Could be a good chance here as Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
61	Junior Firpo relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Lucas Moura from Tottenham sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
60	Emerson puts in a cross...
60	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Ball possession: Tottenham: 42%, Leeds: 58%.
59	Joe Gelhardt from Leeds is ruled offside.
59	Mateusz Klich is leaving the field to be replaced by Junior Firpo in a tactical substitution.
59	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Tottenham stands.
59	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
59	With that goal, Tottenham equalised. Game on!
58	Lucas Moura provided the assist for the goal.
58	GOOOOOAAL! - Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg scores with the left foot!
58	Lucas Moura of Tottenham passes the ball to a team mate.
58	A shot by Harry Kane is blocked.
58	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
58	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
57	Good effort by Joe Gelhardt as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
57	A shot by Daniel James is blocked.
57	Stuart Dallas of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
57	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Sergio Reguilon relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Poor play by Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
57	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
56	Joe Gelhardt releases a shot, it's parried by Hugo Lloris but he can't hold onto it...
56	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Goal kick for Tottenham.
56	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - not to award a penalty for Tottenham!
56	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
55	Daniel James from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
55	Danger averted there as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds clears the danger with a good tackle
55	Could be a good chance here as Harry Kane from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
55	Ball possession: Tottenham: 40%, Leeds: 60%.
54	Lucas Moura from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	The home team are really starting to put pressure the opposition now.
53	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
53	Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
53	Emerson from Tottenham makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
53	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Diego Llorente from Leeds puts his side under pressure as his bad attempt for a clearance hits his own crossbar!
52	A shot by Heung-Min Son is blocked.
51	Lucas Moura from Tottenham chips the ball into the penalty box.
51	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
50	Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
50	Japhet Tanganga relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
50	Ball possession: Tottenham: 40%, Leeds: 60%.
49	A shot by Daniel James is blocked.
49	Harry Kane relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
49	Harry Winks clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
49	A chance opens up as Jack Harrison from Leeds successfully finds a team mate in the area...
48	Stuart Dallas from Leeds takes a short corner kick from the left.
48	Jack Harrison from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
48	Ben Davies relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
47	Daniel James forces a good save from Hugo Lloris who turns the ball behind for a corner!
47	Daniel James from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
47	Leeds start a counter attack.
47	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
46	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
46	Should have been a goal! Harry Kane gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Illan Meslier!
46	Could be a good chance here as Lucas Moura from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
46	The second half is underway.
48	Leeds has been the better team in this half
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Tottenham: 39%, Leeds: 61%.
47	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Leeds is in control of the ball.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Tottenham: 40%, Leeds: 60%.
45	A wonderful team goal!
44	Jack Harrison provided the assist for the goal.
44	GOOOOOAAL! - Daniel James from Leeds taps the ball in with the right! An easy finish for Daniel James
44	Jack Harrison from Leeds makes a great pass and space opens up...
44	Great skill from Jack Harrison as he dribbles past his opponents
44	Leeds is in control of the ball.
43	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
43	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Pascal Struijk comes back onto the field.
42	Goal kick for Tottenham.
42	The game is restarted.
42	Pascal Struijk is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
41	Pascal Struijk is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
41	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
41	Adam Forshaw fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
41	Emerson relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Diego Llorente puts in a cross...
40	A shot by Daniel James is blocked.
40	Ball possession: Tottenham: 40%, Leeds: 60%.
40	Danger averted there as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds clears the danger with a good tackle
39	Tottenham start a counter attack.
39	Dangerous challenge by Lucas Moura from Tottenham. Kalvin Phillips on the receiving end of that.
39	Goal kick for Tottenham.
38	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Japhet Tanganga relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Daniel James puts in a cross...
37	Dangerous challenge by Harry Kane from Tottenham. Liam Cooper on the receiving end of that.
36	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	The game is restarted.
35	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
35	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Harry Winks puts in a cross...
35	Ball possession: Tottenham: 41%, Leeds: 59%.
34	Harry Kane from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
34	Mateusz Klich from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
33	Leeds is in control of the ball.
32	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
32	Mateusz Klich could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
32	Harry Kane from Tottenham is ruled offside.
32	Could be a good chance here as Lucas Moura from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
31	Daniel James from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
31	Daniel James from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
31	Leeds start a counter attack.
30	Yellow card for Joe Gelhardt.
30	Reckless challenge there. Joe Gelhardt commits a rough foul on Eric Dier
30	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
30	The referee signals a free kick as Mateusz Klich from Leeds trips Harry Kane
30	Ball possession: Tottenham: 38%, Leeds: 62%.
29	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
29	The ref blows his whistle. Pascal Struijk charged Lucas Moura from behind and it's a free-kick
28	Dangerous challenge by Adam Forshaw from Leeds. Heung-Min Son on the receiving end of that.
28	Harry Winks from Tottenham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jack Harrison
28	A shot by Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg is blocked.
28	Lucas Moura from Tottenham sends a deflected cross into the box.
28	Illan Meslier relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
27	Emerson from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
27	Danger averted there as Liam Cooper from Leeds clears the danger with a good tackle
27	Harry Kane of Tottenham passes the ball to a team mate.
26	Tottenham start a counter attack.
26	Great vision by Liam Cooper from Leeds as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
26	Eric Dier sends a long ball upfield.
25	Ball possession: Tottenham: 38%, Leeds: 62%.
25	Daniel James from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
25	Mateusz Klich of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
25	Joe Gelhardt of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
25	Leeds start a counter attack.
24	The ref blows his whistle. Pascal Struijk charged Lucas Moura from behind and it's a free-kick
24	Mateusz Klich from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
23	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
23	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
23	The referee signals a free kick as Pascal Struijk from Leeds trips Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg
22	The referee signals a free kick as Emerson from Tottenham trips Joe Gelhardt
22	Great defending by Kalvin Phillips from Leeds to prevent his team conceding a goal.
22	A chance opens up as Heung-Min Son from Tottenham successfully finds a team mate in the area...
22	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
22	Tottenham start a counter attack.
22	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
21	Joe Gelhardt from Leeds tries to play a nice 1-2 with Jack Harrison, but it comes to nothing.
20	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
20	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Ball possession: Tottenham: 33%, Leeds: 67%.
19	Leeds is trying to create something here.
19	Pascal Struijk is penalised for pushing Lucas Moura.
19	Adam Forshaw relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
18	A shot by Sergio Reguilon is blocked.
18	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
18	Pascal Struijk clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
18	Emerson from Tottenham makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
18	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
17	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Leeds is trying to create something here.
16	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham concedes a foul on Diego Llorente but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
15	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
15	Joe Gelhardt goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
15	Stuart Dallas of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
15	Stuart Dallas from Leeds takes a short corner kick from the left.
15	Ball possession: Tottenham: 34%, Leeds: 66%.
14	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	Jack Harrison from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Some neat football here as Jack Harrison from Leeds plays a 1-2 with Pascal Struijk.
13	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
13	Leeds is in control of the ball.
13	Jack Harrison from Leeds crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
12	Emerson from Tottenham is ruled offside.
11	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
11	Mateusz Klich is penalised for pushing Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg.
10	Harry Kane relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
10	Ball possession: Tottenham: 27%, Leeds: 73%.
9	Jack Harrison from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
9	Leeds is in control of the ball.
8	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
8	Stuart Dallas from Leeds tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
8	Jack Harrison from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
7	Adam Forshaw puts in a cross...
7	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Ball possession: Tottenham: 29%, Leeds: 71%.
5	Daniel James from Leeds crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
5	Dangerous challenge by Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham. Adam Forshaw on the receiving end of that.
5	Leeds is in control of the ball.
4	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Daniel James from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
4	Daniel James from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
3	Leeds is trying to create something here.
3	Harry Kane from Tottenham is ruled offside.
2	Kalvin Phillips sends a direct free kick on target, but Hugo Lloris has it under control
1	The referee signals a free kick as Japhet Tanganga from Tottenham trips Joe Gelhardt
1	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Tottenham kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
93	Manchester City with a deserved victory after a fine display
93	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
93	Today's attendance is 52571.
93	Ball possession: Manchester City: 77%, Everton: 23%.
93	Goal kick for Everton.
93	James McAtee from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
93	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
92	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
91	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
91	Rodri clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Allan is leaving the field to be replaced by Tyler Onyango in a tactical substitution.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City trips Andros Townsend
90	Ball possession: Manchester City: 78%, Everton: 22%.
89	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
88	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
87	Cole Palmer is leaving the field to be replaced by James McAtee in a tactical substitution.
86	GOOOOOAAL! - Bernardo Silva reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the left!
86	A shot by Cole Palmer is blocked.
86	Ilkay Gundogan of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
85	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
85	Ball possession: Manchester City: 77%, Everton: 23%.
85	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
84	Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
83	Goal kick for Everton.
83	Rodri from Manchester City crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
83	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
83	Kyle Walker from Manchester City crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
82	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
81	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
81	Joao Cancelo relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Anthony Gordon puts in a cross...
80	Ball possession: Manchester City: 77%, Everton: 23%.
78	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
78	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
78	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box.
78	Cole Palmer carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
78	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
77	Allan puts in a cross...
77	A lob by Seamus Coleman from Everton is cleared by the keeper.
77	Alex Iwobi from Everton makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
76	Aymeric Laporte is leaving the field to be replaced by Nathan Ake in a tactical substitution.
76	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
75	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
75	Ball possession: Manchester City: 77%, Everton: 23%.
75	Goal kick for Everton.
74	Cole Palmer fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
74	Manchester City start a counter attack.
74	Rodri relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Anthony Gordon puts in a cross...
74	Everton start a counter attack.
74	Cole Palmer from Manchester City makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
73	The referee signals a free kick as Allan from Everton trips Bernardo Silva
72	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
71	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Oh no. From a promising position Richarlison from Everton miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
71	Alex Iwobi from Everton makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
71	Andros Townsend of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
70	The resulting free-kick is taken by Riyad Mahrez and his strike forces a good save from Jordan Pickford. It's a corner
70	Ball possession: Manchester City: 78%, Everton: 22%.
69	The referee signals a free kick as Ben Godfrey from Everton trips Cole Palmer
69	The match is being played at a slow tempo with neither side having the upper hand
68	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
67	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	The referee signals a free kick as Anthony Gordon from Everton trips John Stones
66	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
66	John Stones relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Alex Iwobi puts in a cross...
66	Everton start a counter attack.
65	Ball possession: Manchester City: 78%, Everton: 22%.
64	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
63	Goal kick for Everton.
63	Everton with an attacking substitution here.
63	Fabian Delph is leaving the field to be replaced by Jose Salomon Rondon in a tactical substitution.
63	Rodri from Manchester City makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
63	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
63	Some neat football here as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City plays a 1-2 with Ilkay Gundogan.
62	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	A shot by Cole Palmer is blocked.
61	Could be a good chance here as Kyle Walker from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
60	Everton plays a short goal kick.
60	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
60	Joao Cancelo of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
60	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
60	Ball possession: Manchester City: 77%, Everton: 23%.
59	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
59	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
58	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Phil Foden is leaving the field to be replaced by Riyad Mahrez in a tactical substitution.
57	Richarlison from Everton is ruled offside.
56	A great goal by Rodri
55	GOOOOOAAL! - Rodri from Manchester City scores from outside the box with the right foot!
55	Allan could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
55	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Phil Foden puts in a cross...
55	Ball possession: Manchester City: 79%, Everton: 21%.
54	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	The game is restarted.
54	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
53	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
53	Everton is in control of the ball.
52	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
52	Cole Palmer puts in a cross...
52	Jordan Pickford relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
51	Fabian Delph clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
51	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
51	Allan clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
51	Ilkay Gundogan puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Manchester City: 79%, Everton: 21%.
50	The match resumes with a drop ball.
50	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
49	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
48	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
47	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
47	Oh no. From a promising position Fabian Delph from Everton miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
47	Rodri relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Andros Townsend swings in a cross from the free kick.
47	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City trips Seamus Coleman
46	Alex Iwobi from Everton makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Ilkay Gundogan relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
46	Alex Iwobi puts in a cross...
46	The second half is underway.
49	Manchester City has been the better team in this half
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Manchester City: 80%, Everton: 20%.
49	The resulting free-kick is taken by Andros Townsend and his strike forces a good save from Ederson Moraes. It's a corner
48	Yellow card for Aymeric Laporte.
48	The referee signals a free kick as Aymeric Laporte from Manchester City trips Andros Townsend
47	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Goal kick for Everton.
47	Phil Foden from Manchester City makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
46	Ball possession: Manchester City: 80%, Everton: 20%.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Rodri fouls Fabian Delph.
45	A fantastic individual effort by Joao Cancelo!
45	Manchester City managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
44	Joao Cancelo provided the assist for the goal.
44	GOOOOOAAL! - Raheem Sterling scores with the right foot!
44	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City makes a great pass and space opens up...
44	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Ilkay Gundogan puts in a cross...
43	Alex Iwobi from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
43	Everton with a potentially dangerous attack.
43	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
43	Danger averted there as Kyle Walker from Manchester City clears the danger with a good tackle
43	Alex Iwobi from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
42	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
42	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
42	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
42	Michael Keane clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
42	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
41	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
40	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Ball possession: Manchester City: 81%, Everton: 19%.
40	Goal kick for Everton.
40	Phil Foden from Manchester City crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
40	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
39	Ben Godfrey clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
39	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Fabian Delph relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Kyle Walker puts in a cross...
38	Phil Foden from Manchester City makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
38	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
37	Richarlison from Everton is ruled offside.
37	The match resumes with a drop ball.
36	Ball possession: Manchester City: 80%, Everton: 20%.
36	After VAR check, the referee changed the call and decided to revoke the penalty for Manchester City!
34	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
34	Great skill from Raheem Sterling as he dribbles past his opponents
33	Allan could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
33	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
32	Allan relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
32	Phil Foden from Manchester City sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
32	Aymeric Laporte sends a long ball upfield.
31	Yellow card for Richarlison.
31	Reckless challenge there. Richarlison commits a rough foul on Kyle Walker
30	Ball possession: Manchester City: 77%, Everton: 23%.
30	Raheem Sterling forces a good save from Jordan Pickford who turns the ball behind for a corner!
30	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
30	A long range shot from Cole Palmer is blocked by the keeper and goes back into play.
30	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
29	Goal kick for Everton.
29	CROSSBAR! A header from Ilkay Gundogan hits the crossbar!
29	A lob by Bernardo Silva from Manchester City is cleared by the keeper.
28	CHANCE! Bernardo Silva finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
28	Cole Palmer carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
28	Goal kick for Everton.
28	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
27	Phil Foden from Manchester City puts in a great cross...
27	Phil Foden from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
27	Alex Iwobi relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Aymeric Laporte puts in a cross...
27	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
26	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
26	The home team are really starting to put pressure the opposition now.
25	A shot by Ilkay Gundogan is blocked.
25	Cole Palmer of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
25	Phil Foden of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
25	Ben Godfrey could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
25	Ball possession: Manchester City: 75%, Everton: 25%.
24	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
24	Could be a good chance here as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
24	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
23	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
22	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City sends a deflected cross into the box.
22	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
21	Phil Foden comes back onto the field.
21	Seamus Coleman is penalised for pushing Ilkay Gundogan.
21	The game is restarted.
20	Ball possession: Manchester City: 71%, Everton: 29%.
20	Phil Foden is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
20	Phil Foden is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
19	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
19	Phil Foden is penalised for pushing Anthony Gordon.
19	Anthony Gordon relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Jordan Pickford comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
19	Kyle Walker puts in a cross...
18	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Raheem Sterling puts in a cross...
18	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
17	The game is restarted.
17	Demarai Gray is injured and is replaced by Alex Iwobi.
16	Demarai Gray is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
16	The match is very one-sided right now. Manchester City are clearly dominating possession
16	Demarai Gray is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
16	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
16	The referee signals a free kick as Fabian Delph from Everton trips Raheem Sterling
15	Ball possession: Manchester City: 77%, Everton: 23%.
15	Everton is in control of the ball.
15	A shot by Demarai Gray is blocked.
14	Everton start a counter attack.
14	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
14	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
13	Fabian Delph could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
13	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
12	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
12	Goal kick for Everton.
12	What a miss! Phil Foden has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
11	Raheem Sterling puts in a cross...
11	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
11	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
10	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Ball possession: Manchester City: 71%, Everton: 29%.
9	Great vision by Allan from Everton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
9	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
9	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
8	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
7	Goal kick for Everton.
7	Joao Cancelo sees his shot deflected off target
7	Poor play by Anthony Gordon as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
7	Kyle Walker puts in a cross...
6	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ball possession: Manchester City: 72%, Everton: 28%.
4	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
3	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
2	Goal kick for Everton.
2	Phil Foden from Manchester City crosses a free kick, but his teammate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
1	Obstruction as Lucas Digne cuts off the run of Raheem Sterling. A free-kick is awarded.
1	Manchester City start a counter attack.
1	A shot by Anthony Gordon is blocked.
1	Everton with a potentially dangerous attack.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Manchester City kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Etihad Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
94	Liverpool with a deserved victory after a fine display
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 53092.
94	Ball possession: Liverpool: 61%, Arsenal: 39%.
93	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
92	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
92	Liverpool start a counter attack.
92	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
91	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
90	Ball possession: Liverpool: 62%, Arsenal: 38%.
89	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	The referee signals a free kick as Bukayo Saka from Arsenal trips Konstantinos Tsimikas
88	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
88	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
87	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
86	The match resumes with a drop ball.
86	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
86	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Takumi Minamino puts in a cross...
85	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Liverpool: 61%, Arsenal: 39%.
84	Thiago Alcantara is leaving the field to be replaced by Tyler Morton in a tactical substitution.
84	Thomas is leaving the field to be replaced by Mohamed Elneny in a tactical substitution.
83	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal is ruled offside.
83	Arsenal has resigned and is just waiting for the referee to finish the match.
82	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
82	Goal kick for Arsenal.
82	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
81	Liverpool start a counter attack.
81	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
80	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
80	Arsenal start a counter attack.
80	Ball possession: Liverpool: 61%, Arsenal: 39%.
79	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
79	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
78	A wonderful team goal!
77	Trent Alexander-Arnold provided the assist for the goal.
77	GOOOOOAAL! - Takumi Minamino from Liverpool taps the ball in with the right! An easy finish for Takumi Minamino
77	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box.
77	Could be a good chance here as Mohamed Salah from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
77	Jordan Henderson sends a long ball upfield.
76	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is leaving the field to be replaced by Jordan Henderson in a tactical substitution.
76	Diogo Jota is leaving the field to be replaced by Takumi Minamino in a tactical substitution.
76	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal is ruled offside.
75	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
75	It's a good hit from long range by Thomas who forces a save from Alisson Becker. Corner kick.
75	Ball possession: Liverpool: 61%, Arsenal: 39%.
74	A wonderful team goal!
73	Sadio Mane provided the assist for the goal.
73	GOOOOOAAL! - Mohamed Salah from Liverpool taps the ball in with the right! An easy finish for Mohamed Salah
73	Sadio Mane from Liverpool makes a great pass and space opens up...
73	Sadio Mane from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
73	Could be a good chance here as Diogo Jota from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
73	Liverpool start a counter attack.
73	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal is ruled offside.
73	Could be a good chance here as Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
72	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
72	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal is ruled offside.
70	The referee signals a free kick as Diogo Jota from Liverpool trips Ainsley Maitland-Niles
70	After a tactical foul, Fabinho sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
70	Reckless challenge there. Fabinho commits a rough foul on Emile Smith-Rowe
70	Ball possession: Liverpool: 61%, Arsenal: 39%.
70	Danger averted there as Gabriel from Arsenal clears the danger with a good tackle
70	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
70	Liverpool start a counter attack.
69	Takehiro Tomiyasu relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
69	Ben White clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
68	Diogo Jota releases a shot, it's parried by Aaron Ramsdale but he can't hold onto it...
68	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box.
68	Liverpool start a counter attack.
68	Goal kick for Arsenal.
67	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
67	Alexandre Lacazette is leaving the field to be replaced by Martin Oedegaard in a tactical substitution.
66	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Takehiro Tomiyasu heads the ball back across goal...
66	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Konstantinos Tsimikas relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Nuno Tavares puts in a cross...
65	The referee signals a free kick as Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal trips Trent Alexander-Arnold
65	Alisson Becker saved a certain goal there! Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang found himself in a great scoring position but Alisson Becker denied him with a great save
65	Could be a good chance here as Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
65	Ball possession: Liverpool: 62%, Arsenal: 38%.
64	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
64	Thiago Alcantara puts in a cross...
64	Takehiro Tomiyasu relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
64	Nuno Tavares relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Konstantinos Tsimikas puts in a cross...
63	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
63	Bukayo Saka hand-balls.
62	Dangerous challenge by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal. Joel Matip on the receiving end of that.
62	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	The game is restarted.
60	Ball possession: Liverpool: 62%, Arsenal: 38%.
59	Aaron Ramsdale is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
59	Diogo Jota is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
58	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
58	Dangerous challenge by Diogo Jota from Liverpool. Aaron Ramsdale on the receiving end of that.
58	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
58	Liverpool start a counter attack.
58	Ainsley Maitland-Niles could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
58	Sadio Mane from Liverpool is ruled offside.
58	Diogo Jota from Liverpool heads the ball to a team mate.
57	A shot by Trent Alexander-Arnold is blocked.
57	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
57	Diogo Jota from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Bukayo Saka puts in a cross...
56	The ref blows his whistle. Konstantinos Tsimikas charged Bukayo Saka from behind and it's a free-kick
55	Thiago Alcantara has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
55	Thiago Alcantara from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
55	Takehiro Tomiyasu could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
55	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Nuno Tavares
55	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Ball possession: Liverpool: 63%, Arsenal: 37%.
54	Diogo Jota from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
54	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
54	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal is ruled offside.
53	Albert Sambi Lokonga is leaving the field to be replaced by Ainsley Maitland-Niles in a tactical substitution.
52	GOAL! It's an easy finish as Diogo Jota from Liverpool taps the ball into an open goal with the left foot!
52	Great skill from Diogo Jota as he dribbles past his opponents
52	Nuno Tavares could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
51	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal is ruled offside.
51	Could be a good chance here as Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
51	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
51	A shot by Mohamed Salah is blocked.
51	Trent Alexander-Arnold of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
50	Poor play by Gabriel as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
50	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
50	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain from Liverpool sends a shot inches wide of the post. Close!
50	Great skill from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain as he dribbles past his opponents
50	Ball possession: Liverpool: 64%, Arsenal: 36%.
49	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
49	Albert Sambi Lokonga could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
48	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
47	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal is ruled offside.
47	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Great defending by Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool to prevent his team conceding a goal.
47	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
47	Liverpool has been the better team in this half
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
46	Ball possession: Liverpool: 65%, Arsenal: 35%.
46	Goal kick for Arsenal.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Goal kick for Liverpool.
45	That's a great ball by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
45	Ball possession: Liverpool: 68%, Arsenal: 32%.
44	Yellow card for Sadio Mane.
44	Dangerous challenge by Sadio Mane from Liverpool. Ben White on the receiving end of that.
43	Albert Sambi Lokonga shoots from outside the box, but Alisson Becker has it under control
42	Dangerous challenge by Sadio Mane from Liverpool. Takehiro Tomiyasu on the receiving end of that.
42	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Nuno Tavares puts in a cross...
41	The ref blows his whistle. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain charged Albert Sambi Lokonga from behind and it's a free-kick
41	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
41	Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box.
41	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Ball possession: Liverpool: 70%, Arsenal: 30%.
40	Liverpool managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
39	Trent Alexander-Arnold provided the assist for the goal.
39	GOOOOOAAL! - Sadio Mane from Liverpool heads the ball home!
39	Trent Alexander-Arnold swings in a cross from the free kick.
39	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal trips Joel Matip
39	Alexandre Lacazette is penalised for pushing Sadio Mane.
38	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Danger averted there as Fabinho from Liverpool clears the danger with a good tackle
38	Arsenal start a counter attack.
38	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Konstantinos Tsimikas puts in a cross...
38	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	A shot by Trent Alexander-Arnold is blocked.
37	Aaron Ramsdale relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
37	Trent Alexander-Arnold forces a good save from Aaron Ramsdale who turns the ball behind for a corner!
37	Great skill from Trent Alexander-Arnold as he dribbles past his opponents
37	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	The match is very one-sided right now. Liverpool are clearly dominating possession
36	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Konstantinos Tsimikas puts in a cross...
36	Takehiro Tomiyasu relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
35	Thomas clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
35	Aaron Ramsdale saved a certain goal there! Mohamed Salah found himself in a great scoring position but Aaron Ramsdale denied him with a great save
35	Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool makes a great pass and space opens up...
35	Could be a good chance here as Sadio Mane from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
35	Ball possession: Liverpool: 70%, Arsenal: 30%.
34	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
34	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	The game is restarted.
33	The referee is not having the complaints from Juergen Klopp who is given a yellow card for dissent
33	The referee is not having the complaints from Mikel Arteta who is given a yellow card for dissent
32	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
32	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
31	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal is ruled offside.
31	Could be a good chance here as Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
31	Arsenal start a counter attack.
31	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
31	The game is restarted.
31	Alexandre Lacazette is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
30	Ball possession: Liverpool: 67%, Arsenal: 33%.
30	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
30	Dangerous challenge by Joel Matip from Liverpool. Alexandre Lacazette on the receiving end of that.
30	Thomas relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
30	Should have been a goal! Sadio Mane gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Aaron Ramsdale!
30	A volley from Thiago Alcantara is blocked by the keeper and goes back into play.
30	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
29	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
28	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
28	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
28	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
27	A shot by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is blocked.
27	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
26	The ref blows his whistle. Virgil van Dijk charged Bukayo Saka from behind and it's a free-kick
26	Diogo Jota from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
26	Diogo Jota from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
25	Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
25	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
25	Bukayo Saka clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
25	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
25	Ball possession: Liverpool: 66%, Arsenal: 34%.
24	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
24	The referee signals a free kick as Nuno Tavares from Arsenal trips Sadio Mane
23	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
23	A shot by Bukayo Saka is blocked.
23	Arsenal start a counter attack.
22	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	A shot by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain is blocked.
22	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
21	Sadio Mane from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
21	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain puts in a cross...
20	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool is ruled offside.
20	Could be a good chance here as Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
20	Ball possession: Liverpool: 68%, Arsenal: 32%.
20	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	Danger averted there as Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool clears the danger with a good tackle
19	Ben White sends a long ball upfield.
19	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
18	Fabinho is penalised for pushing Alexandre Lacazette.
17	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
17	Takehiro Tomiyasu puts in a cross...
17	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
16	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
15	Joel Matip from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Gabriel
15	Trent Alexander-Arnold swings in a cross from the free kick.
15	Alexandre Lacazette is penalised for pushing Sadio Mane.
15	Ball possession: Liverpool: 74%, Arsenal: 26%.
14	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Diogo Jota of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
14	Bukayo Saka could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
13	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
13	A chance presents itself to Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool but his header goes wide
13	Konstantinos Tsimikas swings in a cross from the free kick.
13	The referee signals a free kick as Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal trips Sadio Mane
12	Goal kick for Arsenal.
12	That's a great ball by Sadio Mane from Liverpool. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
11	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Fabinho
11	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
11	That's a great ball by Mohamed Salah from Liverpool. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
10	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
10	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Liverpool: 67%, Arsenal: 33%.
9	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
8	Dangerous challenge by Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal. Thiago Alcantara on the receiving end of that.
8	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang puts in a cross...
8	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	Ben White is penalised for pushing Sadio Mane.
7	Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal tries to play a 1-2 with Bukayo Saka, but the ball is intercepted.
7	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
7	Arsenal start a counter attack.
7	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
6	The referee signals a free kick as Sadio Mane from Liverpool trips Ben White
5	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
5	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
5	Ball possession: Liverpool: 68%, Arsenal: 32%.
4	Mohamed Salah fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
4	The ref blows his whistle. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain charged Nuno Tavares from behind and it's a free-kick
3	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
2	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Sadio Mane is penalised for pushing Ben White.
1	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Liverpool kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Anfield, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Today's attendance is 41925.
95	Both teams could have won today but Aston Villa just managed to carve out the victory
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 37%, Brighton: 63%.
95	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
95	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
94	After a tactical foul, Matty Cash sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
94	Matty Cash is penalised for pushing Solly March.
94	The referee signals a free kick as Ashley Young from Aston Villa trips Alexis Mac Allister
94	Ollie Watkins goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
94	Leon Bailey has a golden chance to score on the volley, but the keeper is on hand to save!
94	Matt Targett from Aston Villa puts in a great cross...
94	The game is restarted.
93	The referee shows Ezri Konsa the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
93	Alexis Mac Allister commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
93	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
93	Reckless challenge there. Alexis Mac Allister commits a rough foul on Ashley Young
92	A shot by Alexis Mac Allister is blocked.
92	Leandro Trossard of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
92	Great skill from Leandro Trossard as he dribbles past his opponents
92	Brighton is trying to create something here.
91	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Brighton is in control of the ball.
90	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 37%, Brighton: 63%.
89	GOOOOOAAL! - Tyrone Mings reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
89	Poor play by Adam Webster as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
89	John McGinn puts in a cross...
89	Solly March relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
89	Ashley Young from Aston Villa takes a short corner kick from the left.
89	Pascal Gross is leaving the field to be replaced by Alexis Mac Allister in a tactical substitution.
88	A shot by Leon Bailey is blocked.
88	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
88	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
87	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
87	Safe hands from Jason Steele as he comes out and claims the ball
87	Anwar El-Ghazi puts in a cross...
87	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Anwar El-Ghazi from Aston Villa tries to play a 1-2 with Ollie Watkins, but the ball is intercepted.
86	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Brighton is in control of the ball.
85	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 36%, Brighton: 64%.
85	A fantastic individual effort by Ollie Watkins!
84	Ashley Young provided the assist for the goal.
84	GOOOOOAAL! - Ollie Watkins scores with the right foot!
84	Great skill from Ollie Watkins as he dribbles past his opponents
84	Aston Villa start a counter attack.
84	Great vision by Marvelous Nakamba from Aston Villa as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
84	Pascal Gross puts in a cross...
84	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
84	Jacob Ramsey is leaving the field to be replaced by Anwar El-Ghazi in a tactical substitution.
83	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
83	Brighton is trying to create something here.
82	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
81	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
81	Leandro Trossard from Brighton chips the ball into the penalty box.
80	Brighton is in control of the ball.
80	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 36%, Brighton: 64%.
79	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
79	Tariq Lamptey is leaving the field to be replaced by Neal Maupay in a tactical substitution.
79	Great vision by Adam Webster from Brighton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
79	Leon Bailey puts in a cross...
78	Jakub Moder relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Ashley Young puts in a cross...
78	Yves Bissouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Ashley Young swings in a cross from the free kick.
77	The referee signals a free kick as Yves Bissouma from Brighton trips Jacob Ramsey
77	Brighton is in control of the ball.
76	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
75	Matty Cash comes back onto the field.
75	The game is restarted.
75	Matty Cash is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
75	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 36%, Brighton: 64%.
74	Emiliano Buendia is leaving the field to be replaced by Ashley Young in a tactical substitution.
74	Matty Cash is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
74	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
74	Adam Webster is penalised for pushing Matty Cash.
73	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
73	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
72	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
72	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Pascal Gross from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
70	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 37%, Brighton: 63%.
69	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
69	Poor play by Matty Cash as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
69	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
69	Great skill from Tariq Lamptey as he dribbles past his opponents
69	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
68	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
67	Emiliano Buendia swings in a cross from the free kick.
67	Adam Webster commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
67	Dangerous challenge by Adam Webster from Brighton. Matt Targett on the receiving end of that.
66	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Danny Ings is leaving the field to be replaced by Leon Bailey in a tactical substitution.
66	Goal kick for Brighton.
66	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - not to award a penalty for Aston Villa!
65	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
65	Matty Cash from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
65	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 37%, Brighton: 63%.
64	Marc Cucurella is leaving the field to be replaced by Solly March in a tactical substitution.
64	The ref blows his whistle. Adam Webster charged Marvelous Nakamba from behind and it's a free-kick
64	A shot by Adam Webster is blocked.
64	A shot by Leandro Trossard is blocked.
63	Pascal Gross puts in a cross...
63	The match is very one-sided right now. Brighton are clearly dominating possession
62	Brighton is trying to create something here.
62	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	Brighton is in control of the ball.
61	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
60	Pascal Gross swings in a cross from the free kick.
60	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 40%, Brighton: 60%.
59	Marvelous Nakamba commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
59	Reckless challenge there. Marvelous Nakamba commits a rough foul on Tariq Lamptey
59	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
59	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
58	That's a great ball by Adam Webster from Brighton. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
58	Brighton is trying to create something here.
58	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
58	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
57	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
57	Brighton is trying to create something here.
57	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
56	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 40%, Brighton: 60%.
55	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Matt Targett from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Matt Targett comes back onto the field.
54	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
53	The game is restarted.
53	Matt Targett is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
53	Matt Targett is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
52	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
52	Matt Targett clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
52	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
51	Adam Webster from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
51	Matty Cash relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 41%, Brighton: 59%.
50	Marvelous Nakamba from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Adam Lallana
50	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	A shot by Emiliano Buendia is blocked.
49	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
49	After a tactical foul, Marc Cucurella sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
48	Marc Cucurella from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Emiliano Buendia
48	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Jakub Moder from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jacob Ramsey
47	So nearly a goal there! Tyrone Mings's header looked destined for the back of the net but Jason Steele saves it!
47	John McGinn swings in a cross from the free kick.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Jakub Moder from Brighton trips Jacob Ramsey
46	The second half is underway.
48	Brighton had the ball in their control, but couldnt go into the pause with the lead.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 40%, Brighton: 60%.
47	Lewis Dunk from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ezri Konsa
47	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
47	Matty Cash clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
47	A shot by Pascal Gross is blocked.
46	Emiliano Martinez saved a certain goal there! Tariq Lamptey found himself in a great scoring position but Emiliano Martinez denied him with a great save
46	Leandro Trossard of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
46	Jakub Moder puts in a cross...
46	Jakub Moder from Brighton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 41%, Brighton: 59%.
45	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
44	Great vision by Yves Bissouma from Brighton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
44	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
43	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	The game is restarted.
43	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
43	Danger! Matty Cash from Aston Villa successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
43	Matty Cash from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
42	Goal kick for Brighton.
42	Matt Targett from Aston Villa makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
41	John McGinn puts in a cross...
41	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	John McGinn puts in a cross...
40	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa takes a short corner kick from the left.
40	Tyrone Mings sees his shot deflected off target
40	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 38%, Brighton: 62%.
40	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Matty Cash from Aston Villa sends a deflected cross into the box.
39	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
38	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	The referee signals a free kick as Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa trips Adam Lallana
37	Danger averted there as Yves Bissouma from Brighton clears the danger with a good tackle
37	Adam Webster could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
36	Brighton is in control of the ball.
36	Obstruction as Tariq Lamptey cuts off the run of Danny Ings. A free-kick is awarded.
35	Great vision by Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
35	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
35	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 37%, Brighton: 63%.
35	Pascal Gross from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
35	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
34	Tyrone Mings clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
34	Adam Webster sends a long ball upfield.
33	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
32	Brighton is trying to create something here.
32	The referee signals a free kick as Jakub Moder from Brighton trips John McGinn
31	Emiliano Martinez saved a certain goal there! Leandro Trossard found himself in a great scoring position but Emiliano Martinez denied him with a great save
31	Poor play by Jacob Ramsey as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
31	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
30	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 38%, Brighton: 62%.
30	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
30	Matt Targett is penalised for pushing Tariq Lamptey.
29	Adam Webster comes back onto the field.
29	Safe hands from Jason Steele as he comes out and claims the ball
29	Danny Ings from Aston Villa had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
29	Could be a good chance here as Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
28	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
28	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	The game is restarted.
28	Adam Webster is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
26	Adam Webster is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
26	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
26	John McGinn from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
26	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
26	Matt Targett from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
26	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
25	John McGinn sends a long ball upfield.
25	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 43%, Brighton: 57%.
24	Leandro Trossard from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Tyrone Mings
23	Brighton is in control of the ball.
23	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
23	Brighton is trying to create something here.
22	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
21	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
21	Marc Cucurella from Brighton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
21	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
20	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
20	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 45%, Brighton: 55%.
20	Adam Webster from Brighton crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
19	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	Brighton is in control of the ball.
18	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	The referee signals a free kick as Matt Targett from Aston Villa trips Tariq Lamptey
17	Brighton is in control of the ball.
16	The game is in a period of relative inactivity, with neither side able to apply pressure.
16	Brighton is trying to create something here.
15	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 52%, Brighton: 48%.
15	Brighton is in control of the ball.
14	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
14	The referee signals a free kick as Tariq Lamptey from Brighton trips Jacob Ramsey
13	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
13	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
12	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	So nearly a goal there! Matty Cash's header looked destined for the back of the net but Jason Steele saves it!
12	Matt Targett from Aston Villa puts in a great cross...
11	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 46%, Brighton: 54%.
10	Brighton is in control of the ball.
10	Safe hands from Jason Steele as he comes out and claims the ball
10	John McGinn heads the ball back across goal...
10	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
9	Adam Webster clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
9	John McGinn puts in a cross...
9	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Matt Targett from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
8	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
8	Adam Webster comes back onto the field.
7	The game is restarted.
7	Adam Webster is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
7	Adam Webster is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
7	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
7	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
7	Jakub Moder from Brighton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
6	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Leandro Trossard puts in a cross...
6	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
5	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
5	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 51%, Brighton: 49%.
5	Brighton is trying to create something here.
4	Brighton is in control of the ball.
4	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Ollie Watkins puts in a cross...
3	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
3	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Goal kick for Brighton.
2	John McGinn from Aston Villa crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
2	Adam Webster relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	John McGinn puts in a cross...
2	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
1	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Brighton is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	It's a cold day for playing football.
1	Aston Villa kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Villa Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 18028.
94	Ball possession: Burnley: 40%, Crystal Palace: 60%.
94	Joachim Andersen relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
93	Should have been a goal! Matej Vydra gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Vicente Guaita!
93	CHANCE! Matej Vydra finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
93	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
93	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
92	Ashley Westwood from Burnley takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
92	The game is restarted.
91	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
91	After a tactical foul, Michael Olise sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
91	The referee signals a free kick as Michael Olise from Crystal Palace trips Dwight McNeil
91	Good effort by Michael Olise as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Crystal Palace start a counter attack.
91	Marc Guehi relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Ashley Westwood puts in a cross...
90	Matej Vydra from Burnley directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
90	Vicente Guaita relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Ashley Westwood puts in a cross...
90	Joachim Andersen relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
89	Charlie Taylor from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
89	Burnley is in control of the ball.
89	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Good effort by Josh Brownhill as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
88	Poor play by Joachim Andersen as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
88	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
88	Burnley is trying to create something here.
87	Burnley is in control of the ball.
87	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Luka Milivojevic is leaving the field to be replaced by Odsonne Edouard in a tactical substitution.
87	The referee signals a free kick as Jay Rodriguez from Burnley trips Joel Ward
86	Dwight McNeil from Burnley had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
86	Ashley Westwood sends a long ball upfield.
86	Ashley Westwood from Burnley directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
85	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
85	Ball possession: Burnley: 38%, Crystal Palace: 62%.
84	Maxwel Cornet is leaving the field to be replaced by Matej Vydra in a tactical substitution.
84	The referee signals a free kick as Michael Olise from Crystal Palace trips Dwight McNeil
84	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Jeffrey Schlupp puts in a cross...
84	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Joel Ward puts in a cross...
83	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
83	Johann Berg Gudmundsson relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
82	Luka Milivojevic sees his shot deflected off target
82	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
81	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	Conor Gallagher is leaving the field to be replaced by Jeffrey Schlupp in a tactical substitution.
81	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Michael Olise swings in a cross from the free kick.
80	The referee signals a free kick as Charlie Taylor from Burnley trips Michael Olise
80	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
80	Ball possession: Burnley: 39%, Crystal Palace: 61%.
80	Chris Wood is leaving the field to be replaced by Jay Rodriguez in a tactical substitution.
79	A chance presents itself to Ben Mee from Burnley but his header goes wide
79	Dwight McNeil swings in a cross from the free kick.
79	The referee signals a free kick as Michael Olise from Crystal Palace trips Charlie Taylor
78	Joachim Andersen relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Josh Brownhill swings in a cross from the free kick.
78	The game is restarted.
78	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
77	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
77	Dangerous challenge by Cheikhou Kouyate from Crystal Palace. Josh Brownhill on the receiving end of that.
77	James Tarkowski sends a header towards goal, but Vicente Guaita is there to comfortably save it
77	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
76	Ben Mee from Burnley tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
76	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
76	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down James Tarkowski
75	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
75	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	The game is restarted.
75	Ball possession: Burnley: 39%, Crystal Palace: 61%.
75	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
74	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
74	Great skill from Wilfried Zaha as he dribbles past his opponents
74	Ben Mee relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Michael Olise puts in a cross...
74	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
74	The referee signals a free kick as Ashley Westwood from Burnley trips Luka Milivojevic
73	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
72	The referee signals a free kick as Maxwel Cornet from Burnley trips Tyrick Mitchell
72	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Goal kick for Burnley.
71	Joel Ward goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
71	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
71	Christian Benteke puts in a cross...
70	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
70	After a tactical foul, Ashley Westwood sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
70	The referee signals a free kick as Ashley Westwood from Burnley trips Tyrick Mitchell
70	Ball possession: Burnley: 38%, Crystal Palace: 62%.
69	Burnley is trying to create something here.
69	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
68	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
68	Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
67	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
67	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
66	Dwight McNeil from Burnley takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
66	Dangerous challenge by Joachim Andersen from Crystal Palace. Maxwel Cornet on the receiving end of that.
65	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Ball possession: Burnley: 37%, Crystal Palace: 63%.
65	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
64	Joachim Andersen from Crystal Palace tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
64	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
64	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace sees his effort hit the crossbar after the keeper parries the ball.
64	Nick Pope relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Luka Milivojevic puts in a cross...
63	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
63	A shot by Michael Olise is blocked.
63	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
62	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
61	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
61	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley passes the ball in the box, but Vicente Guaita comes out to smother the ball.
60	Ball possession: Burnley: 37%, Crystal Palace: 63%.
59	Yellow card for Christian Benteke.
59	Dangerous challenge by Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace. James Tarkowski on the receiving end of that.
59	Safe hands from Vicente Guaita as he comes out and claims the ball
59	Johann Berg Gudmundsson puts in a cross...
59	Good effort by Johann Berg Gudmundsson as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
58	Poor play by Luka Milivojevic as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
58	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
58	Burnley is trying to create something here.
58	Jordan Ayew is leaving the field to be replaced by Michael Olise in a tactical substitution.
57	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace commits a foul by elbowing James Tarkowski
57	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
57	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Burnley is in control of the ball.
56	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
55	Ball possession: Burnley: 37%, Crystal Palace: 63%.
55	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
55	Tyrick Mitchell sends a long ball upfield.
55	Joachim Andersen from Crystal Palace tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
55	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
54	Jordan Ayew sees his shot deflected off target
54	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
54	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
53	VAR - CARD ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential card situation.
53	The referee signals a free kick as Ashley Westwood from Burnley trips Tyrick Mitchell
53	Burnley start a counter attack.
53	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
52	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
52	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
51	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
51	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Ball possession: Burnley: 38%, Crystal Palace: 62%.
49	James Tarkowski provided the assist for the goal.
49	GOOOOOAAL! - Maxwel Cornet volleys the ball into the back of the net with the left. A great finish!
49	James Tarkowski from Burnley heads the ball to a team mate.
49	Johann Berg Gudmundsson puts in a cross...
49	Christian Benteke relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	A player from Burnley takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
49	Matthew Lowton from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
48	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
47	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley sends an effort wide of target
47	Joachim Andersen relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Dwight McNeil swings in a cross from the free kick.
47	The referee signals a free kick as Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace trips Dwight McNeil
46	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
46	Chris Wood from Burnley is ruled offside.
46	Burnley is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
48	Crystal Palace has been the better team in this half
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Burnley: 36%, Crystal Palace: 64%.
47	The referee signals a free kick as Matthew Lowton from Burnley trips Luka Milivojevic
47	Burnley is in control of the ball.
46	Dwight McNeil from Burnley makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Cheikhou Kouyate is penalised for pushing Johann Berg Gudmundsson.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Marc Guehi volleys a shot on target, but the keeper saves it.
45	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
45	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
45	Great skill from Conor Gallagher as he dribbles past his opponents
45	Ball possession: Burnley: 38%, Crystal Palace: 62%.
45	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
44	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
43	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	GOOOOOAAL! - Marc Guehi reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
41	A header from Joachim Andersen is blocked by the keeper and bounces back into play!
41	Cheikhou Kouyate from Crystal Palace heads the ball to a team mate.
41	Jordan Ayew puts in a cross...
41	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace takes a short corner kick from the right.
41	Danger averted there as James Tarkowski from Burnley clears the danger with a good tackle
41	Great skill from Wilfried Zaha as he dribbles past his opponents
41	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
41	Joachim Andersen relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
40	Burnley is trying to create something here.
40	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Ball possession: Burnley: 36%, Crystal Palace: 64%.
40	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
40	James Tarkowski from Burnley heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
40	Dwight McNeil swings in a cross from the free kick.
39	The referee signals a free kick as Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace trips Charlie Taylor
39	Burnley is in control of the ball.
39	Goal kick for Burnley.
38	Wilfried Zaha fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
38	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
38	Matthew Lowton shoots from outside the box, but Vicente Guaita has it under control
38	A shot by Ashley Westwood is blocked.
37	Maxwel Cornet puts in a cross...
37	Burnley is in control of the ball.
36	Conor Gallagher provided the assist for the goal.
36	GOOOOOAAL! - Christian Benteke scores with the right foot!
36	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace makes a great pass and space opens up...
36	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
35	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
35	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Jordan Ayew puts in a cross...
35	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
35	Ball possession: Burnley: 35%, Crystal Palace: 65%.
35	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
34	Matthew Lowton from Burnley directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Burnley is trying to create something here.
33	Goal kick for Burnley.
33	Luka Milivojevic goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
32	The referee signals a free kick as Matthew Lowton from Burnley trips Wilfried Zaha
32	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
31	Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
31	Chris Wood is penalised for pushing Marc Guehi.
31	The referee signals a free kick as Ashley Westwood from Burnley trips Conor Gallagher
30	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
30	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
30	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Ball possession: Burnley: 37%, Crystal Palace: 63%.
29	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
29	Matthew Lowton from Burnley crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
29	Burnley plays a short goal kick.
28	What a miss! Christian Benteke has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
28	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
28	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
27	James Tarkowski provided the assist for the goal.
27	GOOOOOAAL! - Chris Wood from Burnley heads the ball home!
27	James Tarkowski from Burnley heads the ball to a team mate.
27	Dwight McNeil swings in a cross from the free kick.
26	Luka Milivojevic is penalised for pushing Dwight McNeil.
26	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
25	Excellent pass by Dwight McNeil from Burnley, but his team mates fail to benefit from it.
25	Burnley is in control of the ball.
25	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Burnley: 34%, Crystal Palace: 66%.
24	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
24	Joachim Andersen relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
23	The referee signals a free kick as Marc Guehi from Crystal Palace trips Maxwel Cornet
23	Burnley is in control of the ball.
23	The game is restarted.
22	After violent conduct Wilfried Zaha rightly goes into the referees book
22	After violent conduct James Tarkowski rightly goes into the referees book
22	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
21	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down James Tarkowski
21	Goal kick for Burnley.
20	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace sends an effort wide of target
20	Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
20	Crystal Palace start a counter attack.
20	Good effort by Johann Berg Gudmundsson as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
20	Could be a good chance here as Dwight McNeil from Burnley cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
20	Ball possession: Burnley: 32%, Crystal Palace: 68%.
19	Ashley Westwood provided the assist for the goal.
19	GOOOOOAAL! - Ben Mee from Burnley heads the ball home!
19	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
18	Charlie Taylor from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
18	Burnley is trying to create something here.
18	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
17	Burnley is trying to create something here.
17	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
16	The referee signals a free kick as Josh Brownhill from Burnley trips Conor Gallagher
16	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
15	Burnley is in control of the ball.
15	Ball possession: Burnley: 26%, Crystal Palace: 74%.
15	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	Burnley is in control of the ball.
14	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
12	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
12	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
11	Josh Brownhill goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
11	Joachim Andersen is penalised for pushing Chris Wood.
10	Matthew Lowton from Burnley directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
10	Ball possession: Burnley: 22%, Crystal Palace: 78%.
10	Good effort by Conor Gallagher as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
9	Christian Benteke of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
9	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
8	Joachim Andersen provided the assist for the goal.
8	GOOOOOAAL! - Christian Benteke scores with the left foot!
8	Joachim Andersen of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
8	Poor play by Maxwel Cornet as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
8	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
8	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
8	The referee signals a free kick as James Tarkowski from Burnley trips Wilfried Zaha
7	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
7	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
7	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
7	Could be a good chance here as Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
6	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
6	Obstruction as Johann Berg Gudmundsson cuts off the run of Vicente Guaita. A free-kick is awarded.
5	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Ball possession: Burnley: 50%, Crystal Palace: 50%.
4	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
4	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
3	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
3	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
2	Burnley is in control of the ball.
2	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
1	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
1	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is wet and slippery and it is not helping the players.
1	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
1	Crystal Palace kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Turf Moor, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 51%, Brentford: 49%.
94	Charlie Goode relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
94	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
93	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	The referee signals a free kick as Rico Henry from Brentford trips Jonjo Shelvey
91	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
91	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United sends an effort wide of target
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Joelinton hand-balls.
90	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 51%, Brentford: 49%.
90	Frank Onyeka from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
89	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
89	Vitaly Janelt is leaving the field to be replaced by Shandon Baptiste in a tactical substitution.
88	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United sends an effort wide of target
88	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
88	Ryan Fraser puts in a cross...
88	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
87	A shot by Allan Saint-Maximin is blocked.
86	Jonjo Shelvey relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
86	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
85	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 53%, Brentford: 47%.
85	Ivan Toney from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
85	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	The match resumes with a drop ball.
83	The referee runs back to show Christian Noergaard from Brentford a yellow card for the previous foul.
83	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
82	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Joelinton from Newcastle United had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
82	A chance opens up as Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United successfully finds a team mate in the area...
82	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
81	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Mads Roerslev is leaving the field to be replaced by Charlie Goode in a tactical substitution.
80	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 52%, Brentford: 48%.
80	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
79	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
79	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
79	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
78	Bryan Mbeumo fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
78	Callum Wilson relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
77	Frank Onyeka forces a good save from Karl Darlow who turns the ball behind for a corner!
77	Danger! Rico Henry from Brentford successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
77	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
75	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 54%, Brentford: 46%.
75	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United is very pleased with the goal and can't stop celebrating. The referee sees no other way than to book him.
75	Ryan Fraser provided the assist for the goal.
75	GOOOOOAAL! - Allan Saint-Maximin volleys the ball into the back of the net with the right. A great finish!
75	Ryan Fraser puts in a cross...
75	Safe hands from Karl Darlow as he comes out and claims the ball
74	Ethan Pinnock puts in a cross...
74	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
74	Vitaly Janelt swings in a cross from the free kick.
73	Ciaran Clark is penalised for pushing Bryan Mbeumo.
73	Brentford is trying to create something here.
72	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
71	Fabian Schaer is leaving the field to be replaced by Sean Longstaff in a tactical substitution.
71	Joseph Willock is leaving the field to be replaced by Ryan Fraser in a tactical substitution.
71	Sergi Canos goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
70	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 53%, Brentford: 47%.
70	The referee signals a free kick as Fabian Schaer from Newcastle United trips Ivan Toney
69	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
68	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
68	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
68	Great skill from Allan Saint-Maximin as he dribbles past his opponents
68	Jacob Murphy puts in a cross...
68	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
67	Allan Saint-Maximin puts in a cross...
67	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
66	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
65	A player from Newcastle United takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
65	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
65	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 53%, Brentford: 47%.
65	The referee signals a free kick as Frank Onyeka from Brentford trips Joseph Willock
64	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
64	A chance presents itself to Joelinton from Newcastle United but his header goes wide
64	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
64	Sergi Canos clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
64	Rico Henry relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Jonjo Shelvey puts in a cross...
63	The referee signals a free kick as Frank Onyeka from Brentford trips Joelinton
61	OGOWN GOAL - Jamaal Lascelles sends the ball into his own net!
61	A shot by Frank Onyeka is blocked.
61	Danger! Rico Henry from Brentford successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
61	Great skill from Rico Henry as he dribbles past his opponents
61	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
61	Allan Saint-Maximin sends a shot inches wide. Close!
60	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 53%, Brentford: 47%.
60	A chance opens up as Joseph Willock from Newcastle United successfully finds a team mate in the area...
60	Jonjo Shelvey puts in a cross...
60	Mads Roerslev relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Great skill from Allan Saint-Maximin as he dribbles past his opponents
60	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
59	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
59	Saman Ghoddos is leaving the field to be replaced by Frank Onyeka in a tactical substitution.
58	The referee signals a free kick as Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford trips Matt Ritchie
58	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
58	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
57	The referee signals a free kick as Jacob Murphy from Newcastle United trips Saman Ghoddos
57	The referee signals a free kick as Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United trips Ivan Toney
57	Joelinton from Newcastle United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	Danger! Joseph Willock from Newcastle United successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
56	Ciaran Clark sends a header towards goal, but Alvaro Fernandez is there to comfortably save it
56	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
56	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 53%, Brentford: 47%.
55	Jacob Murphy from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
55	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
55	A player from Newcastle United takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
54	Mads Roerslev from Brentford is ruled offside.
53	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Sergi Canos from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
53	Jamaal Lascelles clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
52	Saman Ghoddos puts in a cross...
52	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 54%, Brentford: 46%.
50	Fabian Schaer from Newcastle United commits a foul by elbowing Ivan Toney
49	The referee signals a free kick as Ivan Toney from Brentford trips Jonjo Shelvey
47	Pontus Jansson is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
46	Yellow card for Callum Wilson.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Callum Wilson from Newcastle United trips Pontus Jansson
46	The second half is underway.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 56%, Brentford: 44%.
48	Jonjo Shelvey relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	The referee signals a free kick as Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United trips Ivan Toney
47	Joelinton sends a header towards goal, but Alvaro Fernandez is there to comfortably save it
47	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
46	Obstruction as Christian Noergaard cuts off the run of Fabian Schaer. A free-kick is awarded.
46	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 55%, Brentford: 45%.
45	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
44	Allan Saint-Maximin fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
44	What a chance! Callum Wilson looks odds on to score, but his effort is cleared off the line!
43	Alvaro Fernandez comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
43	Fabian Schaer from Newcastle United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Poor play by Ethan Pinnock as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
43	Jonjo Shelvey swings in a cross from the free kick.
42	Yellow card for Saman Ghoddos.
42	The referee signals a free kick as Saman Ghoddos from Brentford trips Joseph Willock
42	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
41	Danger averted there as Ethan Pinnock from Brentford clears the danger with a good tackle
41	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	A shot by Mads Roerslev is blocked.
40	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 55%, Brentford: 45%.
39	GOOOOOAAL! - Joelinton reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the left!
39	A shot by Allan Saint-Maximin is blocked.
38	A shot by Fabian Schaer is blocked.
37	Jacob Murphy puts in a cross...
37	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
36	Ivan Toney shoots from outside the box, but Karl Darlow has it under control
36	Jamaal Lascelles is penalised for pushing Ivan Toney.
35	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 56%, Brentford: 44%.
35	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
34	Jacob Murphy fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
33	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Sergi Canos provided the assist for the goal.
31	GOOOOOAAL! - Rico Henry from Brentford heads the ball home!
31	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
31	Brentford with a potentially dangerous attack.
30	Good effort by Callum Wilson as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
30	Mads Roerslev relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Allan Saint-Maximin puts in a cross...
30	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 57%, Brentford: 43%.
30	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	A shot by Jonjo Shelvey is blocked.
28	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Allan Saint-Maximin puts in a cross...
28	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Fabian Schaer puts in a cross...
28	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United takes a short corner kick from the left.
28	Mads Roerslev clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
27	Sergi Canos is penalised for pushing Matt Ritchie.
27	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	What a chance! Ivan Toney looks odds on to score, but his effort is cleared off the line!
26	Karl Darlow relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
26	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 61%, Brentford: 39%.
25	Newcastle United plays a short goal kick.
25	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
25	Saman Ghoddos swings in a cross from the free kick.
24	The referee signals a free kick as Fabian Schaer from Newcastle United trips Vitaly Janelt
23	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
22	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford sends an effort wide of target
22	Ivan Toney puts in a cross...
21	Good effort by Allan Saint-Maximin as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
21	Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
21	Christian Noergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
20	Vitaly Janelt clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
20	Callum Wilson puts in a cross...
20	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 60%, Brentford: 40%.
19	Ivan Toney from Brentford is ruled offside.
19	POST! So nearly a goal by Bryan Mbeumo but his finish hits the post!
19	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
18	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joelinton
17	The referee signals a free kick as Joseph Willock from Newcastle United trips Rico Henry
17	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
16	Matt Ritchie swings in a cross from the free kick.
16	The referee signals a free kick as Vitaly Janelt from Brentford trips Allan Saint-Maximin
15	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 60%, Brentford: 40%.
15	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
15	A chance presents itself to Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United but his header goes wide
15	Jacob Murphy puts in a cross...
14	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Sergi Canos provided the assist for the goal.
11	GOOOOOAAL! - Ivan Toney scores with the right foot!
11	Danger! Sergi Canos from Brentford successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
11	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 57%, Brentford: 43%.
10	Matt Ritchie provided the assist for the goal.
10	GOOOOOAAL! - Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United heads the ball home!
10	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
9	A shot by Joelinton is blocked.
9	Joelinton from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
9	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
8	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
8	The referee signals a free kick as Joseph Willock from Newcastle United trips Sergi Canos
7	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
7	Sergi Canos from Brentford sends an effort wide of target
7	A chance opens up as Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford successfully finds a team mate in the area...
6	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Ivan Toney puts in a cross...
5	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 50%, Brentford: 50%.
5	The referee signals a free kick as Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United trips Vitaly Janelt
4	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
3	A chance presents itself to Callum Wilson from Newcastle United but his header goes wide
3	Joelinton puts in a cross...
2	Dangerous challenge by Sergi Canos from Brentford. Ciaran Clark on the receiving end of that.
2	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
1	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Newcastle United kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to St James' Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Both teams could have won today but Norwich just managed to carve out the victory
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Ball possession: Norwich: 37%, Southampton: 63%.
95	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
95	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
94	Yellow card for Mathias Normann.
94	Mathias Normann is penalised for pushing Armando Broja.
93	Goal kick for Norwich.
93	Tim Krul from Norwich receives a yellow card for time wasting.
93	A chance presents itself to Theo Walcott from Southampton but his header goes wide
93	James Ward-Prowse puts in a cross...
93	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
92	Mohammed Salisu puts in a cross...
91	Southampton is trying to create something here.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	Goal kick for Norwich.
90	Ball possession: Norwich: 39%, Southampton: 61%.
90	Milot Rashica is leaving the field to be replaced by Christos Tzolis in a tactical substitution.
89	Southampton is trying to create something here.
88	Adam Armstrong shoots from outside the box, but Tim Krul has it under control
88	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
87	Theo Walcott from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
87	Jan Bednarek from Southampton heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
87	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
87	Grant Hanley clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
87	Lyanco puts in a cross...
87	Kenny McLean relieves the pressure with a clearance
87	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
86	Billy Gilmour is leaving the field to be replaced by Lukas Rupp in a tactical substitution.
85	Adam Armstrong sees his shot deflected off target
85	Ball possession: Norwich: 40%, Southampton: 60%.
84	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
84	James Ward-Prowse puts in a cross...
84	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Mohammed Salisu puts in a cross...
83	The referee signals a free kick as Milot Rashica from Norwich trips Jan Bednarek
83	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Adam Armstrong puts in a cross...
83	Southampton is trying to create something here.
82	Today's attendance is 26885.
82	Brandon Williams comes back onto the field.
82	The game is restarted.
81	Brandon Williams is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
81	Brandon Williams is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
80	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
80	Ball possession: Norwich: 38%, Southampton: 62%.
79	Billy Gilmour provided the assist for the goal.
79	GOOOOOAAL! - Grant Hanley from Norwich heads the ball home!
79	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
79	Jan Bednarek relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
78	Brandon Williams from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
78	Norwich is in control of the ball.
77	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
77	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
76	Teemu Pukki forces a good save from Alex McCarthy who turns the ball behind for a corner!
76	Great skill from Teemu Pukki as he dribbles past his opponents
76	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
76	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Adam Armstrong from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
75	Ball possession: Norwich: 38%, Southampton: 62%.
75	Norwich is trying to create something here.
74	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Goal kick for Norwich.
73	Theo Walcott from Southampton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
73	The game is restarted.
73	Oriol Romeu is leaving the field to be replaced by Lyanco in a tactical substitution.
73	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
72	Kenny McLean from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
72	Southampton is in control of the ball.
71	After a tactical foul, Kyle Walker-Peters sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
71	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joshua Sargent
71	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
70	Theo Walcott puts in a cross...
70	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
70	Ball possession: Norwich: 37%, Southampton: 63%.
70	Oriol Romeu sees his shot deflected off target
69	Teemu Pukki from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
69	Norwich start a counter attack.
69	Theo Walcott from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
68	Southampton is trying to create something here.
68	Goal kick for Southampton.
67	Mathias Normann fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
67	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Armando Broja from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Grant Hanley
66	Norwich is in control of the ball.
66	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Ball possession: Norwich: 37%, Southampton: 63%.
65	Southampton is in control of the ball.
64	The game is restarted.
64	The referee shows Jan Bednarek the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
64	The referee shows Brandon Williams the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
63	Valentino Livramento is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
63	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
63	Brandon Williams from Norwich commits a foul by elbowing Valentino Livramento
62	A shot by Kenny McLean is blocked.
62	Milot Rashica from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
62	Could be a good chance here as Brandon Williams from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
62	Che Adams is leaving the field to be replaced by Theo Walcott in a tactical substitution.
61	Kyle Walker-Peters is penalised for pushing Joshua Sargent.
61	Mathias Normann relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Southampton start a counter attack.
61	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
60	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
60	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: Norwich: 36%, Southampton: 64%.
59	Goal kick for Southampton.
59	A chance presents itself to Ben Gibson from Norwich but his header goes wide
59	Milot Rashica from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
58	Milot Rashica from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	Norwich is in control of the ball.
57	The referee signals a free kick as Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton trips Joshua Sargent
57	Goal kick for Southampton.
57	Mohamed Elyounoussi is leaving the field to be replaced by Armando Broja in a tactical substitution.
56	Joshua Sargent from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Norwich start a counter attack.
56	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
56	Kenny McLean from Norwich sends a deflected cross into the box.
55	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
55	Milot Rashica swings in the ball from a corner on the left, but it is nowhere near a teammate and it goes out of the field.
55	Ball possession: Norwich: 35%, Southampton: 65%.
54	Joshua Sargent sees his shot deflected off target
54	Valentino Livramento relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
54	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
54	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
53	Southampton is trying to create something here.
53	Milot Rashica shoots from outside the box, but Alex McCarthy has it under control
52	Jan Bednarek from Southampton is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
52	Goal kick for Norwich.
52	Oriol Romeu from Southampton crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
50	Billy Gilmour is penalised for pushing Oriol Romeu.
50	Ball possession: Norwich: 35%, Southampton: 65%.
50	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
49	Mathias Normann puts in a cross...
49	Southampton is in control of the ball.
48	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Southampton is trying to create something here.
47	Teemu Pukki is penalised for pushing Jan Bednarek.
46	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
46	Joshua Sargent puts in a cross...
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Todd Cantwell is leaving the field to be replaced by Joshua Sargent in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Norwich: 34%, Southampton: 66%.
46	Todd Cantwell is penalised for pushing Valentino Livramento.
46	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Milot Rashica swings in a cross from the free kick.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	The referee signals a free kick as Mohammed Salisu from Southampton trips Billy Gilmour
45	Ball possession: Norwich: 33%, Southampton: 67%.
45	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
44	Southampton is trying to create something here.
44	Che Adams from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
44	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
43	Should have been a goal! Che Adams gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Tim Krul!
43	Could be a good chance here as Ibrahima Diallo from Southampton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
43	Grant Hanley could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
42	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Goal kick for Norwich.
41	Oriol Romeu from Southampton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
41	Southampton is trying to create something here.
41	Goal kick for Norwich.
40	James Ward-Prowse fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
40	A shot by Mohamed Elyounoussi is blocked.
40	Ibrahima Diallo of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
40	Todd Cantwell could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
40	Ball possession: Norwich: 34%, Southampton: 66%.
40	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
39	Southampton is in control of the ball.
38	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Southampton is in control of the ball.
37	Mathias Normann relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Che Adams puts in a cross...
37	Southampton is trying to create something here.
36	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ibrahima Diallo from Southampton crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
35	Ball possession: Norwich: 28%, Southampton: 72%.
34	Mohammed Salisu shoots from outside the box, but Tim Krul has it under control
34	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Valentino Livramento puts in a cross...
34	Valentino Livramento from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Mohamed Elyounoussi of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
34	Kyle Walker-Peters of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
34	Southampton is trying to create something here.
32	Norwich is in control of the ball.
32	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
31	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	The referee signals a free kick as Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton trips Max Aarons
31	A shot by Adam Armstrong is blocked.
31	Mohamed Elyounoussi of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
30	Kyle Walker-Peters of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
30	Ball possession: Norwich: 29%, Southampton: 71%.
29	Southampton is trying to create something here.
29	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
28	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
28	Southampton is in control of the ball.
28	Goal kick for Norwich.
27	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
27	Adam Armstrong from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
27	Southampton is trying to create something here.
26	Norwich is in control of the ball.
26	Milot Rashica is penalised for pushing James Ward-Prowse.
26	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Brandon Williams puts in a cross...
25	Ball possession: Norwich: 26%, Southampton: 74%.
25	Grant Hanley from Norwich is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
24	Goal kick for Norwich.
24	That looked a fine chance. Valentino Livramento from Southampton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
24	James Ward-Prowse puts in a cross...
23	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Valentino Livramento from Southampton is ruled offside.
22	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
21	A shot by Adam Armstrong is blocked.
21	Great skill from Adam Armstrong as he dribbles past his opponents
20	Goal kick for Norwich.
20	Ball possession: Norwich: 27%, Southampton: 73%.
20	Mohamed Elyounoussi goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
20	Che Adams of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
19	Southampton is in control of the ball.
19	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Oriol Romeu puts in a cross...
18	Kyle Walker-Peters puts in a cross...
18	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
18	Kenny McLean relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
17	Grant Hanley clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
17	Adam Armstrong from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
17	Che Adams from Southampton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
17	Valentino Livramento from Southampton directs a ball squarely in the box.
17	Oriol Romeu puts in a cross...
16	Southampton is trying to create something here.
16	A shot by Kyle Walker-Peters is blocked.
16	Valentino Livramento puts in a cross...
15	Ball possession: Norwich: 33%, Southampton: 67%.
15	Good effort by James Ward-Prowse as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
15	A shot by Mohamed Elyounoussi is blocked.
15	Adam Armstrong of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
15	Could be a good chance here as Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
14	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Southampton is in control of the ball.
13	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
13	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
13	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Milot Rashica from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
12	Teemu Pukki from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
12	Mohammed Salisu could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
11	Southampton is in control of the ball.
11	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Billy Gilmour is penalised for pushing Kyle Walker-Peters.
10	Ball possession: Norwich: 39%, Southampton: 61%.
9	The referee signals a free kick as Valentino Livramento from Southampton trips Brandon Williams
9	Ibrahima Diallo from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
9	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
9	Southampton is in control of the ball.
8	With that goal, Norwich equalised. Game on!
7	Max Aarons provided the assist for the goal.
7	GOOOOOAAL! - Teemu Pukki from Norwich heads the ball home!
7	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
7	Milot Rashica of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
7	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
7	Mohamed Elyounoussi is penalised for pushing Milot Rashica.
6	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Norwich is in control of the ball.
6	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Ball possession: Norwich: 34%, Southampton: 66%.
4	Southampton managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
4	Adam Armstrong provided the assist for the goal.
4	GOOOOOAAL! - Che Adams scores with the right foot!
4	Poor play by Grant Hanley as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
4	Adam Armstrong of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
4	Oriol Romeu from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
3	Southampton is trying to create something here.
3	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Mohammed Salisu puts in a cross...
3	Ibrahima Diallo from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
2	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
2	Southampton is in control of the ball.
1	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The referee signals a free kick as Valentino Livramento from Southampton trips Todd Cantwell
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Southampton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Carrow Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	Watford with a deserved victory after a fine display
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
97	Today's attendance is 21087.
97	Ball possession: Watford: 39%, Manchester United: 61%.
97	After removing his shirt, the referee is forced to show Emmanuel Dennis a yellow card.
96	Ben Foster provided the assist for the goal.
96	GOOOOOAAL! - Emmanuel Dennis scores with the right foot!
96	Watford start a counter attack.
96	Ben Foster sends a long ball upfield.
95	Safe hands from Ben Foster as he comes out and claims the ball
95	Jesse Lingard puts in a cross...
95	Adam Masina relieves the pressure with a clearance
95	Anthony Martial puts in a cross...
95	The game is restarted.
94	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
94	Great vision by Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
94	Could be a good chance here as Joshua King from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
93	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
92	Emmanuel Dennis provided the assist for the goal.
92	GOOOOOAAL! - Joao Pedro scores with the right foot!
92	Joao Pedro from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
92	Could be a good chance here as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
92	Joao Pedro has a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind for a corner kick by the keeper!
92	Juan Hernandez from Watford directs a ball squarely in the box.
92	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Goal kick for Manchester United.
91	Jadon Sancho is leaving the field to be replaced by Jesse Lingard in a tactical substitution.
91	Joao Pedro fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
90	Ball possession: Watford: 38%, Manchester United: 62%.
90	Goal kick for Manchester United.
89	Juan Hernandez from Watford takes a short corner kick from the right.
89	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
87	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	The match resumes with a drop ball.
86	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
85	Goal kick for Manchester United.
85	A chance presents itself to Joao Pedro from Watford but his header goes wide
85	Juan Hernandez from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
85	The game is restarted.
85	Ball possession: Watford: 38%, Manchester United: 62%.
85	Luke Shaw is injured and is replaced by Diogo Dalot.
85	Luke Shaw is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
83	Luke Shaw is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
83	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
83	Kiko from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
83	Adam Masina puts in a cross...
82	Goal kick for Manchester United.
82	Juan Hernandez swings in the ball from a corner on the left, but it is nowhere near a teammate and it goes out of the field.
81	Aaron Wan-Bissaka clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
81	Tom Cleverley puts in a cross...
81	Watford is trying to create something here.
80	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
80	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
80	Ball possession: Watford: 36%, Manchester United: 64%.
80	Goal kick for Watford.
79	Bruno Fernandes goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
79	Cristiano Ronaldo of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
78	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United is ruled offside.
78	Could be a good chance here as Donny van de Beek from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
78	Anthony Martial of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
77	Goal kick for Watford.
77	Imran Louza is leaving the field to be replaced by Joao Pedro in a tactical substitution.
76	A chance presents itself to Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United but his header goes wide
76	Jadon Sancho from Manchester United puts in a great cross...
76	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Ball possession: Watford: 37%, Manchester United: 63%.
74	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
74	The ref blows his whistle. Tom Cleverley charged Luke Shaw from behind and it's a free-kick
73	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Goal kick for Watford.
72	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United sends an effort wide of target
72	Could be a good chance here as Donny van de Beek from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
72	A shot by Emmanuel Dennis is blocked.
71	Joshua King of Watford passes the ball to a team mate.
71	Moussa Sissoko of Watford passes the ball to a team mate.
71	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
71	Emmanuel Dennis goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
70	Ball possession: Watford: 38%, Manchester United: 62%.
69	SENT OFF! - Harry Maguire gets his 2nd yellow card and is dismissed!
69	Dangerous challenge by Harry Maguire from Manchester United. Tom Cleverley on the receiving end of that.
69	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Goal kick for Watford.
68	Ismaila Sarr is injured and is replaced by Juan Hernandez.
68	Nemanja Matic from Manchester United sends an effort wide of target
68	Donny van de Beek of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
68	Nemanja Matic from Manchester United directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
68	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
67	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	The game is restarted.
67	Ismaila Sarr is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
65	Ball possession: Watford: 37%, Manchester United: 63%.
65	Ismaila Sarr is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
65	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
64	Imran Louza takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
64	Nicolas N'Koulou is leaving the field to be replaced by William Troost-Ekong in a tactical substitution.
62	After a tactical foul, Harry Maguire sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
62	Harry Maguire from Manchester United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ismaila Sarr
61	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
61	Kiko from Watford crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
60	Goal kick for Watford.
60	Ball possession: Watford: 36%, Manchester United: 64%.
60	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
59	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
59	The referee signals a free kick as Nemanja Matic from Manchester United trips Joshua King
58	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Ben Foster relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Luke Shaw from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
58	Ben Foster from Watford makes a great save.
58	Should have been a goal! Cristiano Ronaldo gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Ben Foster!
58	CHANCE! Cristiano Ronaldo finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
57	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
57	Donny van de Beek carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
57	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
56	Emmanuel Dennis is penalised for pushing Nemanja Matic.
56	Goal kick for Watford.
56	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
56	Jadon Sancho puts in a cross...
55	Jadon Sancho from Manchester United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
55	Ball possession: Watford: 39%, Manchester United: 61%.
54	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United is ruled offside.
53	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the left.
53	Joshua King forces a good save from David De Gea who turns the ball behind for a corner!
53	Joshua King from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
52	Watford start a counter attack.
52	Jadon Sancho from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
52	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
52	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
51	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Manchester United stands.
51	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
50	Cristiano Ronaldo provided the assist for the goal.
50	GOOOOOAAL! - Donny van de Beek from Manchester United heads the ball from close range into the net.
50	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United heads the ball to a team mate.
50	Jadon Sancho puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Watford: 42%, Manchester United: 58%.
49	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	Joshua King from Watford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Joshua King from Watford sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
48	Joshua King from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
47	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Marcus Rashford is leaving the field to be replaced by Anthony Martial in a tactical substitution.
46	Scott McTominay is leaving the field to be replaced by Donny van de Beek in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
49	Watford has been the better team in this half
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Watford: 38%, Manchester United: 62%.
48	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
48	Watford is in control of the ball.
47	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United is ruled offside.
47	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United sends a deflected cross into the box.
46	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Bruno Fernandes swings in a cross from the free kick.
45	After a tactical foul, Imran Louza sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
45	Obstruction as Imran Louza cuts off the run of Bruno Fernandes. A free-kick is awarded.
45	Ball possession: Watford: 40%, Manchester United: 60%.
45	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
44	Kiko provided the assist for the goal.
44	GOOOOOAAL! - Ismaila Sarr scores with the right foot!
44	Could be a good chance here as Kiko from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
44	Jadon Sancho relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Adam Masina puts in a cross...
44	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Watford is in control of the ball.
42	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
41	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Goal kick for Manchester United.
41	Moussa Sissoko from Watford fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
41	So nearly a goal there! Joshua King's header looked destined for the back of the net but David De Gea saves it!
40	Adam Masina puts in a cross...
40	Ball possession: Watford: 37%, Manchester United: 63%.
39	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
39	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Tom Cleverley from Watford is ruled offside.
38	Tom Cleverley from Watford takes a short corner kick from the left.
38	Danger averted there as Harry Maguire from Manchester United clears the danger with a good tackle
37	Could be a good chance here as Adam Masina from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
37	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Adam Masina relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Luke Shaw from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
36	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
35	Ball possession: Watford: 38%, Manchester United: 62%.
34	Moussa Sissoko from Watford commits a foul by elbowing Bruno Fernandes
34	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Scott McTominay relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Kiko puts in a cross...
33	A shot by Joshua King is blocked.
33	Ismaila Sarr of Watford passes the ball to a team mate.
33	Ismaila Sarr from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
33	Nemanja Matic could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
33	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
32	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
32	Ben Foster from Watford makes a great save.
32	A volley from Marcus Rashford is blocked by the keeper and goes back into play.
32	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United puts in a great cross...
31	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
31	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Ball possession: Watford: 39%, Manchester United: 61%.
28	Emmanuel Dennis provided the assist for the goal.
28	GOOOOOAAL! - Joshua King scores with the left foot!
28	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford directs a ball squarely in the box.
28	Poor play by Aaron Wan-Bissaka as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
28	Kiko puts in a cross...
28	Ismaila Sarr from Watford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
28	A shot by Ismaila Sarr is blocked.
27	Scott McTominay could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
27	Watford with a potentially dangerous attack.
26	Ismaila Sarr is penalised for pushing Cristiano Ronaldo.
25	Ball possession: Watford: 38%, Manchester United: 62%.
25	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
24	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Watford is trying to create something here.
23	Joshua King has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
23	Imran Louza from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
23	Ismaila Sarr from Watford sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
23	Could be a good chance here as Joshua King from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
22	Watford start a counter attack.
22	Jadon Sancho from Manchester United makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
22	Marcus Rashford puts in a cross...
22	The referee signals a free kick as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford trips Luke Shaw
21	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Imran Louza from Watford crosses a free kick, but his teammate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
20	Ball possession: Watford: 39%, Manchester United: 61%.
19	Scott McTominay from Manchester United receives a yellow card after a dangerous challenge on an opponent player.
19	Dangerous challenge by Scott McTominay from Manchester United. Emmanuel Dennis on the receiving end of that.
19	Luke Shaw relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Adam Masina puts in a cross...
18	Adam Masina from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
18	A shot by Joshua King is blocked.
18	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Watford is in control of the ball.
17	Ismaila Sarr from Watford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
16	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
15	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United is ruled offside.
15	Ball possession: Watford: 46%, Manchester United: 54%.
15	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
15	Great skill from Marcus Rashford as he dribbles past his opponents
14	The referee signals a free kick as Imran Louza from Watford trips Luke Shaw
14	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
13	Adam Masina relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Luke Shaw from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
13	Cristiano Ronaldo sees his shot deflected off target
13	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
13	Manchester United start a counter attack.
12	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
12	A shot by Joshua King is blocked.
12	Imran Louza from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
12	Scott McTominay clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
11	Imran Louza from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
11	Ball possession: Watford: 44%, Manchester United: 56%.
11	Bruno Fernandes relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	PENHE MISSES! - Ismaila Sarr takes the spot-kick but David De Gea blocks it!
10	VAR - RETAKE PENALTY! - VAR check in progress. The referee will check the execution of the penalty taken by Watford.
9	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
8	DISALLOWED GOAL! The flag is up, Kiko has a goal disallowed!
8	Ismaila Sarr from Watford was not successful from the penalty spot.
6	PENALTY - Scott McTominay from Manchester United concedes a penalty for pushing Joshua King.
6	Bruno Fernandes could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
6	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ball possession: Watford: 50%, Manchester United: 50%.
5	Watford is in control of the ball.
4	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
3	Watford is in control of the ball.
3	Safe hands from Ben Foster as he comes out and claims the ball
3	Nemanja Matic sends a long ball upfield.
2	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
1	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Manchester United kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Vicarage Road Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
96	Both teams could have won today but Wolverhampton Wanderers just managed to carve out the victory
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 30667.
96	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 54%, West Ham: 46%.
95	West Ham is trying to create something here.
94	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
94	The game is restarted.
94	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
94	Ben Johnson from West Ham crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
93	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	West Ham is trying to create something here.
93	A shot by Adama Traore is blocked.
93	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
93	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
92	Declan Rice from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
92	Joao Moutinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	A player from West Ham takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
91	Great vision by Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
91	A chance opens up as Ben Johnson from West Ham successfully finds a team mate in the area...
91	West Ham is trying to create something here.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	West Ham is in control of the ball.
90	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
90	Ben Johnson from West Ham directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
90	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 54%, West Ham: 46%.
90	The game is restarted.
89	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
89	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Nikola Vlasic from West Ham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Max Kilman
88	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
88	How did he miss that? Max Kilman has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
87	Rayan Ait Nouri swings in a cross from the free kick.
87	Hee-Chan Hwang is leaving the field to be replaced by Leander Dendoncker in a tactical substitution.
86	After a tactical foul, Declan Rice sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
86	Declan Rice from West Ham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Nelson Semedo
86	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
86	Michail Antonio from West Ham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	Aaron Cresswell puts in a cross...
86	Ruben Neves relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Declan Rice swings in a cross from the free kick.
85	Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Michail Antonio
85	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 55%, West Ham: 45%.
85	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Nikola Vlasic from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
85	Kurt Zouma from West Ham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
84	Ben Johnson puts in a cross...
84	The referee signals a free kick as Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Tomas Soucek
83	West Ham is trying to create something here.
83	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
82	West Ham is trying to create something here.
81	West Ham is in control of the ball.
80	Craig Dawson is penalised for pushing Raul Jimenez.
80	Aaron Cresswell swings in a cross from the free kick.
80	The game is restarted.
80	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 57%, West Ham: 43%.
80	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
80	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Nikola Vlasic
79	West Ham is in control of the ball.
79	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	A shot by Andriy Yarmolenko is blocked.
78	West Ham is trying to create something here.
77	West Ham is in control of the ball.
76	Daniel Podence is leaving the field to be replaced by Adama Traore in a tactical substitution.
75	Tomas Soucek hand-balls.
75	Craig Dawson from West Ham heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
75	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
75	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 60%, West Ham: 40%.
74	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
74	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Aaron Cresswell puts in a cross...
74	West Ham is in control of the ball.
73	Michail Antonio from West Ham makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
72	West Ham is trying to create something here.
71	Jarrod Bowen is leaving the field to be replaced by Andriy Yarmolenko in a tactical substitution.
71	Said Benrahma is leaving the field to be replaced by Nikola Vlasic in a tactical substitution.
70	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
70	How did he miss that? Jarrod Bowen has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
70	A chance opens up as Michail Antonio from West Ham successfully finds a team mate in the area...
70	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 63%, West Ham: 37%.
70	West Ham is in control of the ball.
69	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
68	West Ham is in control of the ball.
68	Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Michail Antonio
67	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
66	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
66	Michail Antonio from West Ham sends an effort wide of target
66	Michail Antonio from West Ham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
65	West Ham is trying to create something here.
65	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 64%, West Ham: 36%.
65	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
64	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
64	Goal kick for West Ham.
64	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers sends an effort wide of target
64	A chance opens up as Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfully finds a team mate in the area...
64	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
63	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
63	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
63	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
62	West Ham is in control of the ball.
61	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
60	Jose Sa relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
60	Conor Coady clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
60	Michail Antonio from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
60	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 66%, West Ham: 34%.
59	Pablo Fornals is leaving the field to be replaced by Manuel Lanzini in a tactical substitution.
59	West Ham is in control of the ball.
58	Daniel Podence provided the assist for the goal.
58	GOOOOOAAL! - Raul Jimenez scores with the right foot!
58	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a cheeky 1-2 with Daniel Podence.
58	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
57	Declan Rice shoots from outside the box, but Jose Sa has it under control
57	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Aaron Cresswell puts in a cross...
57	A shot by Michail Antonio is blocked.
57	Michail Antonio from West Ham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
56	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
56	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
56	Should have been a goal! Daniel Podence gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Lukasz Fabianski!
56	A chance opens up as Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfully finds a team mate in the area...
56	Craig Dawson relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
55	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 67%, West Ham: 33%.
55	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
55	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
54	After a tactical foul, Ruben Neves sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
54	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Jarrod Bowen
54	Craig Dawson relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
53	Safe hands from Lukasz Fabianski as he comes out and claims the ball
53	Nelson Semedo puts in a cross...
53	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
52	Craig Dawson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
52	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
52	Danger! Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
52	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
51	Kurt Zouma is penalised for pushing Raul Jimenez.
51	Goal kick for West Ham.
51	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
51	Ben Johnson relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Joao Moutinho puts in a cross...
50	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
50	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 66%, West Ham: 34%.
49	Kurt Zouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
49	Tomas Soucek clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
49	Nelson Semedo puts in a cross...
49	Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
48	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
48	Daniel Podence forces a good save from Lukasz Fabianski who turns the ball behind for a corner!
48	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
48	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
47	The referee signals a free kick as Jarrod Bowen from West Ham trips Rayan Ait Nouri
47	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
47	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
47	Pablo Fornals puts in a cross...
46	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	West Ham is trying to create something here.
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers had many possibilities to score, but didnt capitalize on them. They didnt manage to score the decisive goal.
46	It's over! The referee blows for half time
46	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
46	Pablo Fornals puts in a cross...
45	West Ham is in control of the ball.
45	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 66%, West Ham: 34%.
45	Ben Johnson relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
44	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
44	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
43	Michail Antonio is penalised for pushing Jose Sa.
43	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
43	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
43	Danger! Said Benrahma from West Ham successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
43	West Ham is trying to create something here.
43	Goal kick for West Ham.
42	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
42	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
42	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
42	West Ham is in control of the ball.
41	Safe hands from Lukasz Fabianski as he comes out and claims the ball
41	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
41	Declan Rice relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	Joao Moutinho swings in a cross from the free kick.
40	Craig Dawson is penalised for pushing Raul Jimenez.
40	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
40	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 64%, West Ham: 36%.
39	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
39	Goal kick for West Ham.
39	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
39	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
38	The game is restarted.
37	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
37	Kurt Zouma clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
37	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
37	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
37	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
37	Said Benrahma puts in a cross...
36	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 65%, West Ham: 35%.
35	Goal kick for West Ham.
35	A chance presents itself to Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers but his header goes wide
35	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
34	It's a good hit from long range by Joao Moutinho who forces a save from Lukasz Fabianski. Corner kick.
34	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
33	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
33	How did he miss that? Raul Jimenez has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
33	CHANCE! Raul Jimenez finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
33	Ruben Neves carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
33	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
33	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
32	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
32	That's a great ball by Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
32	Aaron Cresswell relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
32	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
31	Kurt Zouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Nelson Semedo puts in a cross...
31	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	A shot by Nelson Semedo is blocked.
31	Poor play by Craig Dawson as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
31	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
30	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
30	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
30	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
30	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 64%, West Ham: 36%.
30	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
29	Goal kick for West Ham.
28	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers sends an effort wide of target
28	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
28	The match is very one-sided right now. Wolverhampton Wanderers are clearly dominating possession
28	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
27	West Ham is in control of the ball.
26	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
26	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
25	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
25	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 56%, West Ham: 44%.
24	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
24	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
23	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
23	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
22	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
22	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
21	West Ham is in control of the ball.
20	Ruben Neves shoots from outside the box, but Lukasz Fabianski has it under control
20	Aaron Cresswell relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers chips the ball into the penalty box.
20	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
20	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 52%, West Ham: 48%.
19	Craig Dawson relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
19	Danger averted there as Ben Johnson from West Ham clears the danger with a good tackle
19	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
19	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
18	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
17	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
17	Michail Antonio from West Ham crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
17	West Ham is trying to create something here.
16	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
16	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
16	Michail Antonio from West Ham had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
16	Danger! Ben Johnson from West Ham successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
16	West Ham is trying to create something here.
15	West Ham is in control of the ball.
15	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 49%, West Ham: 51%.
14	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
13	Tomas Soucek shoots from outside the box, but Jose Sa has it under control
13	West Ham is trying to create something here.
12	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
12	A chance presents itself to Jarrod Bowen from West Ham but his header goes wide
12	Aaron Cresswell puts in a cross...
12	That looked a fine chance. Jarrod Bowen from West Ham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
12	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
12	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
11	Craig Dawson sends a long ball upfield.
11	West Ham is in control of the ball.
11	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
10	Obstruction as Aaron Cresswell cuts off the run of Nelson Semedo. A free-kick is awarded.
10	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 62%, West Ham: 38%.
10	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
9	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
9	Said Benrahma from West Ham crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
8	The referee signals a free kick as Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Jarrod Bowen
8	West Ham is in control of the ball.
8	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
8	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
7	Michail Antonio from West Ham sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
7	Michail Antonio from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
7	West Ham is trying to create something here.
7	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
7	That's a great ball by Declan Rice from West Ham. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
6	West Ham is in control of the ball.
5	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
5	A shot from Jarrod Bowen takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
5	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 50%, West Ham: 50%.
4	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
3	West Ham is in control of the ball.
3	Goal kick for West Ham.
3	That's a great ball by Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
2	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
2	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	West Ham is trying to create something here.
1	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	West Ham kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Molineux Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 36478.
94	Ball possession: Leeds: 56%, Leicester: 44%.
94	Daniel James from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
94	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
94	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
93	Leicester is trying to create something here.
92	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
92	Stuart Dallas from Leeds sends a deflected cross into the box.
92	Leeds is trying to create something here.
92	Goal kick for Leicester.
91	How did he miss that? Raphinha has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
91	A shot by Raphinha is blocked.
91	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
91	The game is restarted.
91	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Adam Forshaw is leaving the field to be replaced by Charlie Cresswell in a tactical substitution.
90	Ball possession: Leeds: 56%, Leicester: 44%.
90	Rodrigo from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
90	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
90	Great vision by Daniel Amartey from Leicester as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
90	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
90	Leeds is trying to create something here.
89	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
89	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
89	The game is restarted.
88	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
88	Wilfred Ndidi fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
88	Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
88	James Maddison of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
88	Could be a good chance here as Ricardo Pereira from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
87	The referee signals a free kick as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds trips Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall
86	Rodrigo from Leeds is ruled offside.
86	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Jonny Evans relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Rodrigo from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	Could be a good chance here as Pascal Struijk from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
85	Leeds is trying to create something here.
85	Timothy Castagne relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Adam Forshaw puts in a cross...
85	Ball possession: Leeds: 55%, Leicester: 45%.
84	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Leicester is trying to create something here.
84	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Pascal Struijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	James Maddison swings in a cross from the free kick.
83	Jack Harrison is leaving the field to be replaced by Tyler Roberts in a tactical substitution.
83	Jack Harrison is penalised for pushing Ricardo Pereira.
82	Diego Llorente is penalised for pushing James Maddison.
81	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
81	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
81	How did he miss that? Caglar Soyuncu has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
81	Poor play by Illan Meslier as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
80	Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall from Leicester passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
80	Could be a good chance here as James Maddison from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
80	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
80	Ball possession: Leeds: 57%, Leicester: 43%.
80	Ademola Lookman is leaving the field to be replaced by James Maddison in a tactical substitution.
79	Jamie Vardy from Leicester sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
79	Jamie Vardy from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
79	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
79	Leicester is trying to create something here.
79	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
79	How did he miss that? Daniel James has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
78	Leeds start a counter attack.
78	Wilfred Ndidi could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
78	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
78	The game is restarted.
77	Youri Tielemans is injured and is replaced by Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall.
76	Youri Tielemans is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
76	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
75	Youri Tielemans has a great chance to score, but Illan Meslier comes out strongly to save!
75	Leicester start a counter attack.
75	Liam Cooper could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
75	Leeds is in control of the ball.
75	Ball possession: Leeds: 57%, Leicester: 43%.
75	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
74	The referee runs back to show Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester a yellow card for the previous foul.
74	Daniel James fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
74	Leeds is trying to create something here.
74	Leicester is in control of the ball.
74	That's a great ball by Raphinha from Leeds. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
74	Raphinha from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
73	Leeds is trying to create something here.
73	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
73	Jonny Evans sends a long ball upfield.
73	Leicester is in control of the ball.
72	Could be a good chance here as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
72	Leeds is trying to create something here.
72	Leeds is in control of the ball.
72	Jamie Vardy from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
72	Leicester is trying to create something here.
71	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
71	Raphinha from Leeds crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
71	Leeds is trying to create something here.
71	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Harvey Barnes is leaving the field to be replaced by Daniel Amartey in a tactical substitution.
70	Ball possession: Leeds: 57%, Leicester: 43%.
70	Jack Harrison from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
70	Leeds is trying to create something here.
70	Boubakary Soumare from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
70	Leicester is trying to create something here.
69	Ademola Lookman from Leicester is ruled offside.
69	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for Leicester is revoked due to offside.
68	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
67	GOOOOOAAL!! Leicester score! Ademola Lookman is on the scoresheet.
67	Jamie Vardy from Leicester heads the ball to a team mate.
67	Youri Tielemans from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
67	Liam Cooper clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
66	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Kalvin Phillips is penalised for pushing Boubakary Soumare.
65	Leeds is in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: Leeds: 57%, Leicester: 43%.
65	Leicester is in control of the ball.
64	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
64	Adam Forshaw from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
64	Daniel James of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
64	Could be a good chance here as Pascal Struijk from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
64	Leeds is trying to create something here.
64	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Daniel James from Leeds tries to play a 1-2 with Jack Harrison, but the ball is intercepted.
63	Goal kick for Leeds.
63	Kalvin Phillips relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Youri Tielemans from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
62	Liam Cooper clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
62	Ademola Lookman from Leicester sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
62	Youri Tielemans carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
62	Leicester is trying to create something here.
62	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
61	Boubakary Soumare fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
61	Leicester is trying to create something here.
61	Harvey Barnes from Leicester tries to play a 1-2 with Youri Tielemans, but the ball is intercepted.
61	The game is restarted.
60	Ball possession: Leeds: 59%, Leicester: 41%.
60	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
60	Dangerous challenge by Kalvin Phillips from Leeds. Youri Tielemans on the receiving end of that.
60	Danger averted there as Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester clears the danger with a good tackle
60	Daniel James of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
60	Leeds is trying to create something here.
59	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
59	Raphinha relieves the pressure with a clearance
59	Youri Tielemans from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
58	Liam Cooper clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
58	Harvey Barnes from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
58	Goal kick for Leicester.
57	CHANCE! Rodrigo has a great chance to score but his volleyed effort fails to hit the target!
57	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
57	Leeds start a counter attack.
57	Leicester is in control of the ball.
57	A shot by Daniel James is blocked.
57	Daniel James from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
57	Leeds is trying to create something here.
56	Goal kick for Leicester.
56	Daniel James sends a shot inches wide. Close!
56	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
56	Ricardo Pereira relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
55	Youri Tielemans clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
55	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
55	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Ball possession: Leeds: 60%, Leicester: 40%.
54	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
54	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
54	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	The match is very one-sided right now. Leeds are clearly dominating possession
54	Adam Forshaw from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Rodrigo from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
53	Leeds start a counter attack.
53	Leicester is in control of the ball.
53	Rodrigo shoots from outside the box, but Kasper Schmeichel has it under control
53	Leeds is trying to create something here.
52	Leicester is in control of the ball.
52	The match resumes with a drop ball.
52	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
52	Leeds is trying to create something here.
51	Raphinha is penalised for pushing Timothy Castagne.
51	Goal kick for Leicester.
50	Ball possession: Leeds: 61%, Leicester: 39%.
50	Daniel James from Leeds sends an effort wide of target
50	Poor play by Jonny Evans as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
50	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
50	Jonny Evans relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
50	Boubakary Soumare clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
49	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
49	Stuart Dallas from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
49	Leeds is trying to create something here.
49	Goal kick for Leicester.
49	CHANCE! Jack Harrison has a great chance to score but his volleyed effort fails to hit the target!
49	Kalvin Phillips from Leeds heads the ball to a team mate.
49	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
48	Caglar Soyuncu clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
48	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
48	Leeds is trying to create something here.
48	Leeds is in control of the ball.
48	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Daniel James from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
47	Stuart Dallas carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
47	Leeds is trying to create something here.
47	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
47	Youri Tielemans sends a shot inches wide. Close!
47	Poor play by Adam Forshaw as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
47	Jamie Vardy from Leicester had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
47	Poor play by Illan Meslier as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
47	Youri Tielemans from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
46	Illan Meslier clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
46	Illan Meslier could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
46	Leeds is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Leeds: 61%, Leicester: 39%.
48	Great vision by Jonny Evans from Leicester as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
48	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
47	Leicester is in control of the ball.
46	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Daniel James from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
46	Leeds is trying to create something here.
46	Daniel James from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
45	How did he miss that? Youri Tielemans has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
45	Could be a good chance here as Ademola Lookman from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
45	Ademola Lookman from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
45	Leicester is trying to create something here.
45	Ball possession: Leeds: 62%, Leicester: 38%.
44	Leeds is trying to create something here.
44	Jonny Evans relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Raphinha puts in a cross...
44	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Boubakary Soumare relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	Raphinha from Leeds had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
43	Daniel James of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
43	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Jack Harrison from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Leeds start a counter attack.
43	Leicester is in control of the ball.
43	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Raphinha is penalised for pushing Boubakary Soumare.
42	Harvey Barnes comes back onto the field.
41	The game is restarted.
41	Harvey Barnes is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
40	Harvey Barnes is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
40	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
40	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Leicester: 37%.
40	The referee signals a free kick as Stuart Dallas from Leeds trips Harvey Barnes
39	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
39	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Youri Tielemans swings in a cross from the free kick.
38	The referee signals a free kick as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds trips Ricardo Pereira
38	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Goal kick for Leicester.
36	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
36	Timothy Castagne clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
36	Raphinha swings in a cross from the free kick.
35	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Leicester: 37%.
35	Dangerous challenge by Ricardo Pereira from Leicester. Stuart Dallas on the receiving end of that.
35	Wilfred Ndidi relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
34	Kasper Schmeichel clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
34	Poor play by Ricardo Pereira as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
34	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
34	Jack Harrison from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
34	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
33	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
33	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	The referee signals a free kick as Jamie Vardy from Leicester trips Diego Llorente
32	Leicester is in control of the ball.
31	Youri Tielemans is penalised for pushing Kalvin Phillips.
31	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Leeds is in control of the ball.
30	Youri Tielemans swings in a cross from the free kick.
30	Ball possession: Leeds: 61%, Leicester: 39%.
30	The referee signals a free kick as Stuart Dallas from Leeds trips Boubakary Soumare
30	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
29	A great goal by Harvey Barnes
29	With that goal, Leicester equalised. Game on!
28	Boubakary Soumare provided the assist for the goal.
28	GOOOOOAAL! - Harvey Barnes scores with the right foot!
28	Boubakary Soumare from Leicester heads the ball to a team mate.
28	Jonny Evans sends a long ball upfield.
27	After removing his shirt, the referee is forced to show Raphinha a yellow card.
26	Leeds managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
26	GOOOOOAAL! Raphinha curls the direct free kick into the back of the net with the left foot! Wonderful finish
25	The referee signals a free kick as Boubakary Soumare from Leicester trips Raphinha
25	Timothy Castagne relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Adam Forshaw from Leeds makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
25	Could be a good chance here as Raphinha from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
25	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
25	Ball possession: Leeds: 62%, Leicester: 38%.
24	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Goal kick for Leicester.
24	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	A shot by Rodrigo is blocked.
23	Rodrigo from Leeds sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
23	Could be a good chance here as Raphinha from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
23	Leeds is trying to create something here.
23	Goal kick for Leicester.
23	Daniel James from Leeds sends an effort wide of target
23	Wilfred Ndidi relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
22	Wilfred Ndidi clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
22	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Leeds start a counter attack.
22	Great defending by Pascal Struijk from Leeds to prevent his team conceding a goal.
22	Youri Tielemans from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
22	Youri Tielemans from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
22	Leicester start a counter attack.
22	Leeds is in control of the ball.
21	Goal kick for Leicester.
21	Pascal Struijk from Leeds crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
21	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Daniel James from Leeds chips the ball into the penalty box.
21	A shot by Rodrigo is blocked.
21	Wilfred Ndidi relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
20	Ball possession: Leeds: 56%, Leicester: 44%.
20	Wilfred Ndidi clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
20	Daniel James puts in a cross...
19	Leeds is in control of the ball.
19	Leicester is in control of the ball.
18	Rodrigo from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
18	Jack Harrison of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
18	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
18	Dangerous challenge by Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester. Kalvin Phillips on the receiving end of that.
17	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Ademola Lookman puts in a cross...
17	Leicester is trying to create something here.
17	Great defending by Diego Llorente from Leeds to prevent his team conceding a goal.
17	Diego Llorente from Leeds is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
17	Youri Tielemans sends a long ball upfield.
16	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
16	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
16	Poor play by Kasper Schmeichel as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
16	Rodrigo puts in a cross...
16	Leeds is trying to create something here.
15	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Leeds: 57%, Leicester: 43%.
15	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
14	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Leeds is in control of the ball.
12	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - not to award a penalty for Leicester!
11	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
11	Jamie Vardy from Leicester is ruled offside.
10	Leicester is trying to create something here.
10	Ball possession: Leeds: 48%, Leicester: 52%.
9	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
9	Pascal Struijk sends a long ball upfield.
8	Kalvin Phillips is penalised for pushing Ademola Lookman.
8	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Pascal Struijk puts in a cross...
8	Liam Cooper sends a long ball upfield.
7	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
7	Leicester is trying to create something here.
6	Jamie Vardy from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
6	Leicester is trying to create something here.
6	Raphinha is penalised for pushing Ricardo Pereira.
5	Ball possession: Leeds: 33%, Leicester: 67%.
5	So nearly a goal there! Kalvin Phillips's header looked destined for the back of the net but Kasper Schmeichel saves it!
5	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
5	Jack Harrison's shot takes a wicked deflection but the goalkeeper just reaches it and saves for a corner. Close save!
5	Diego Llorente sends a long ball upfield.
4	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
4	Leicester is in control of the ball.
4	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
3	Good effort by Harvey Barnes as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
3	Harvey Barnes from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
3	Boubakary Soumare of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
3	Leicester is in control of the ball.
2	Rodrigo shoots from outside the box, but Kasper Schmeichel has it under control
2	Rodrigo from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
2	Leeds start a counter attack.
2	Ademola Lookman from Leicester sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
2	Kasper Schmeichel sends a long ball upfield.
2	Kalvin Phillips from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
2	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Great defending by Liam Cooper from Leeds to prevent his team conceding a goal.
1	Harvey Barnes from Leicester had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
1	Jamie Vardy of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
1	Leicester start a counter attack.
1	Diego Llorente could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Leicester kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Elland Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
99	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
99	Today's attendance is 31267.
99	Ball possession: Brighton: 66%, Newcastle United: 34%.
99	Alexis Mac Allister relieves the pressure with a clearance
98	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
98	Newcastle United with a potentially dangerous attack.
97	Newcastle United plays a short goal kick.
97	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
96	Joel Veltman from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but Karl Darlow comes out to smother the ball.
96	A shot by Leandro Trossard is blocked.
96	Great skill from Leandro Trossard as he dribbles past his opponents
95	Ball possession: Brighton: 66%, Newcastle United: 34%.
95	Goal kick for Brighton.
95	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
94	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Emil Krafth is leaving the field to be replaced by Dwight Gayle in a tactical substitution.
94	Joel Veltman relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Jonjo Shelvey swings in a cross from the free kick.
92	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
92	SENT OFF! - After a professional foul, Robert Sanchez is sent off as he was the last man!
92	The referee signals a free kick as Robert Sanchez from Brighton trips Callum Wilson
91	VAR - CARD ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential card situation.
90	CHANCE! Callum Wilson finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
90	Newcastle United start a counter attack.
90	A shot by Yves Bissouma is blocked.
90	Leandro Trossard from Brighton makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
90	Leandro Trossard from Brighton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
89	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Brighton is trying to create something here.
88	Brighton is in control of the ball.
87	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Poor play by Robert Sanchez as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
87	Jonjo Shelvey puts in a cross...
86	Safe hands from Karl Darlow as he comes out and claims the ball
86	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
86	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
86	Jacob Murphy from Newcastle United tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
85	Ball possession: Brighton: 66%, Newcastle United: 34%.
84	Yellow card for Neal Maupay.
84	Dangerous challenge by Neal Maupay from Brighton. Jacob Murphy on the receiving end of that.
84	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Jonjo Shelvey swings in a cross from the free kick.
84	After a tactical foul, Yves Bissouma sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
84	Yves Bissouma from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Isaac Hayden
83	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Brighton is in control of the ball.
82	Joelinton from Newcastle United sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
82	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	The referee signals a free kick as Alexis Mac Allister from Brighton trips Joelinton
81	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Ball possession: Brighton: 66%, Newcastle United: 34%.
80	Safe hands from Karl Darlow as he comes out and claims the ball
80	Joel Veltman puts in a cross...
79	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Joel Veltman from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
79	Callum Wilson hand-balls.
78	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Webster from Brighton trips Callum Wilson
76	Brighton is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: Brighton: 65%, Newcastle United: 35%.
75	Tariq Lamptey is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Webster in a tactical substitution.
75	Yellow card for Adam Lallana.
74	Reckless challenge there. Adam Lallana commits a rough foul on Allan Saint-Maximin
74	Miguel Almiron is leaving the field to be replaced by Joelinton in a tactical substitution.
73	Yellow card for Callum Wilson.
73	The referee signals a free kick as Callum Wilson from Newcastle United trips Alexis Mac Allister
73	Brighton is in control of the ball.
72	The game is restarted.
71	Ball possession: Brighton: 66%, Newcastle United: 34%.
70	Emil Krafth is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
70	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
70	Leandro Trossard swings in a cross from the free kick.
69	Yellow card for Jonjo Shelvey.
69	Reckless challenge there. Jonjo Shelvey commits a rough foul on Leandro Trossard
68	Tariq Lamptey is penalised for pushing Ciaran Clark.
67	Brighton is in control of the ball.
66	Ciaran Clark provided the assist for the goal.
66	GOOOOOAAL! - Isaac Hayden scores with the right foot!
66	Ciaran Clark from Newcastle United heads the ball to a team mate.
66	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
66	Ball possession: Brighton: 69%, Newcastle United: 31%.
66	Solly March is leaving the field to be replaced by Neal Maupay in a tactical substitution.
65	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Lallana from Brighton trips Matt Ritchie
64	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
63	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
63	Jacob Murphy puts in a cross...
63	A shot by Isaac Hayden is blocked.
63	Matt Ritchie swings in a cross from the free kick.
62	Shane Duffy from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Allan Saint-Maximin
62	The game is restarted.
61	Ball possession: Brighton: 69%, Newcastle United: 31%.
61	Marc Cucurella is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
60	The referee runs back to show Jacob Murphy from Newcastle United a yellow card for the previous foul.
60	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
60	A shot by Alexis Mac Allister is blocked.
60	Ciaran Clark relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
60	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
60	Brighton is in control of the ball.
59	Brighton is in control of the ball.
59	The referee signals a free kick as Isaac Hayden from Newcastle United trips Solly March
58	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
58	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
58	Joel Veltman clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
58	Ciaran Clark puts in a cross...
57	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Newcastle United plays a short goal kick.
56	Adam Lallana from Brighton sends an effort wide of target
56	Leandro Trossard of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
56	Great skill from Leandro Trossard as he dribbles past his opponents
56	Ball possession: Brighton: 69%, Newcastle United: 31%.
55	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Good effort by Tariq Lamptey as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
55	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
55	Brighton start a counter attack.
55	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United has a deflected shot from outside the box saved by the keeper.
55	Solly March relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Jonjo Shelvey puts in a cross...
55	Tariq Lamptey relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
54	Yves Bissouma clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
54	Newcastle United with a potentially dangerous attack.
54	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	The game is restarted.
53	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
53	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
53	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
52	Leandro Trossard fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
52	Great skill from Leandro Trossard as he dribbles past his opponents
52	That looked a fine chance. Tariq Lamptey from Brighton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
51	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Brighton is in control of the ball.
50	Ball possession: Brighton: 67%, Newcastle United: 33%.
50	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
49	The game is restarted.
49	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
49	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Jonjo Shelvey swings in a cross from the free kick.
48	Shane Duffy is penalised for pushing Callum Wilson.
48	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
47	Marc Cucurella from Brighton heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
47	Leandro Trossard from Brighton makes a great pass and space opens up...
47	Karl Darlow saved a certain goal there! Leandro Trossard found himself in a great scoring position but Karl Darlow denied him with a great save
47	Adam Lallana of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
47	Adam Lallana from Brighton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
46	Enock Mwepu is leaving the field to be replaced by Alexis Mac Allister in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Brighton: 67%, Newcastle United: 33%.
49	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	A player from Newcastle United takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
48	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Newcastle United plays a short goal kick.
47	Solly March goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
47	Tariq Lamptey of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
46	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Ball possession: Brighton: 68%, Newcastle United: 32%.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	The referee signals a free kick as Jonjo Shelvey from Newcastle United trips Lewis Dunk
45	The referee signals a free kick as Solly March from Brighton trips Jacob Murphy
44	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
44	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	Leandro Trossard is penalised for pushing Matt Ritchie.
43	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
42	Isaac Hayden from Newcastle United heads the ball to a team mate.
42	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
41	Marc Cucurella clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
41	Newcastle United with a potentially dangerous attack.
40	Ball possession: Brighton: 71%, Newcastle United: 29%.
40	Brighton is in control of the ball.
39	Callum Wilson is penalised for pushing Joel Veltman.
39	Jonjo Shelvey swings in a cross from the free kick.
38	Lewis Dunk from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Callum Wilson
38	Emil Krafth relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
38	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Marc Cucurella from Brighton is ruled offside.
36	Marc Cucurella from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
36	Yves Bissouma of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
36	Brighton is trying to create something here.
35	The referee signals a free kick as Isaac Hayden from Newcastle United trips Leandro Trossard
35	Ball possession: Brighton: 66%, Newcastle United: 34%.
34	Brighton is in control of the ball.
33	Brighton is trying to create something here.
32	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
31	Brighton is in control of the ball.
30	Emil Krafth relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
30	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
30	Ball possession: Brighton: 63%, Newcastle United: 37%.
30	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
29	The referee signals a free kick as Jacob Murphy from Newcastle United trips Leandro Trossard
29	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	Jacob Murphy puts in a cross...
29	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Tariq Lamptey relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
28	Isaac Hayden from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
28	Newcastle United with a potentially dangerous attack.
28	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
27	Marc Cucurella from Brighton tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
27	Joel Veltman from Brighton crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
27	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
26	Brighton is in control of the ball.
25	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Ball possession: Brighton: 63%, Newcastle United: 37%.
25	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
24	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Leandro Trossard from Brighton puts it away from the penalty spot in the middle with the right foot. Karl Darlow jumped on the right.
23	PENALTY - Ciaran Clark from Newcastle United concedes a penalty for tripping Leandro Trossard.
22	After VAR check, the referee changed the call and decided to award a penalty for Brighton!
21	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
20	Emil Krafth relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Poor play by Jacob Murphy as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
20	Solly March from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
19	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
19	Brighton is in control of the ball.
18	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Brighton is in control of the ball.
17	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Dangerous challenge by Callum Wilson from Newcastle United. Robert Sanchez on the receiving end of that.
15	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Emil Krafth puts in a cross...
15	Ball possession: Brighton: 61%, Newcastle United: 39%.
15	Enock Mwepu is penalised for pushing Ciaran Clark.
14	Brighton is in control of the ball.
14	Leandro Trossard comes back onto the field.
13	Brighton take a throw-in in the opponent's half of the field.
13	The game is restarted.
13	Leandro Trossard is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
12	Leandro Trossard is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
12	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
12	The referee runs back to show Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United a yellow card for the previous foul.
12	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	Miguel Almiron puts in a cross...
11	The referee signals a free kick as Tariq Lamptey from Brighton trips Allan Saint-Maximin
11	Ball possession: Brighton: 64%, Newcastle United: 36%.
11	Safe hands from Karl Darlow as he comes out and claims the ball
11	Leandro Trossard puts in a cross...
10	Brighton is trying to create something here.
10	Brighton is in control of the ball.
9	Shane Duffy sends a header towards goal, but Karl Darlow is there to comfortably save it
9	Leandro Trossard from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
9	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
9	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
8	Brighton is trying to create something here.
8	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
7	Jacob Murphy goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
7	Some neat football here as Jacob Murphy from Newcastle United plays a 1-2 with Miguel Almiron.
7	Newcastle United start a counter attack.
6	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
6	Leandro Trossard sends a header towards goal, but Karl Darlow is there to comfortably save it
6	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
6	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
5	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Ball possession: Brighton: 44%, Newcastle United: 56%.
4	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Solly March puts in a cross...
3	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Brighton is trying to create something here.
2	Brighton is in control of the ball.
1	Solly March is penalised for pushing Jacob Murphy.
1	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Brighton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to The American Express Community Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
98	Both teams could have won today but Norwich just managed to carve out the victory
98	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
98	Today's attendance is 16837.
98	Goal kick for Norwich.
97	Charlie Goode from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
97	Ball possession: Brentford: 64%, Norwich: 36%.
97	Obstruction as Dimitrios Giannoulis cuts off the run of Saman Ghoddos. A free-kick is awarded.
96	Goal kick for Brentford.
96	Kenny McLean sends a shot inches wide. Close!
96	Pierre Lees-Melou of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
96	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
95	Ball possession: Brentford: 64%, Norwich: 36%.
95	Milot Rashica is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Idah in a tactical substitution.
95	Charlie Goode goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
95	Poor play by Max Aarons as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
94	Charlie Goode from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
94	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
94	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Saman Ghoddos puts in a cross...
93	Goal kick for Norwich.
93	Sergi Canos from Brentford makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
92	Goal kick for Norwich.
91	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
91	Ball possession: Brentford: 64%, Norwich: 36%.
91	The fourth official shows there are 6 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
90	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
90	Max Aarons from Norwich receives a yellow card for time wasting.
89	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Goal kick for Norwich.
89	Sergi Canos from Brentford sends an effort wide of target
88	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
88	Milot Rashica from Norwich is ruled offside.
87	Ivan Toney from Brentford is ruled offside.
87	Charlie Goode from Brentford heads the ball to a team mate.
87	Ethan Pinnock puts in a cross...
87	Brentford is trying to create something here.
86	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Norwich is in control of the ball.
85	Ball possession: Brentford: 65%, Norwich: 35%.
85	Milot Rashica shoots from outside the box, but Alvaro Fernandez has it under control
85	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
84	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
84	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
84	Mathias Jensen puts in a cross...
83	Brentford is in control of the ball.
83	Sergi Canos from Brentford directs a ball squarely in the box, but Tim Krul runs out to collect the ball
82	Brentford is in control of the ball.
82	A shot by Sergi Canos is blocked.
82	Brentford with a potentially dangerous attack.
81	Milot Rashica comes back onto the field.
81	Safe hands from Alvaro Fernandez as he comes out and claims the ball
81	Dimitrios Giannoulis puts in a cross...
81	Charlie Goode relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Pierre Lees-Melou swings in a cross from the free kick.
80	The game is restarted.
80	Milot Rashica is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
80	Milot Rashica is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
80	Ball possession: Brentford: 65%, Norwich: 35%.
79	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
79	Christian Noergaard fouls Joshua Sargent.
78	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Teemu Pukki is leaving the field to be replaced by Joshua Sargent in a tactical substitution.
78	Ivan Toney from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
77	Brentford is in control of the ball.
77	Brentford is in control of the ball.
77	Sergi Canos forces a good save from Tim Krul who turns the ball behind for a corner!
76	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
76	Dimitrios Giannoulis clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
76	Ethan Pinnock puts in a cross...
75	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Ball possession: Brentford: 65%, Norwich: 35%.
74	Mathias Normann comes back onto the field.
74	The game is restarted.
74	Kieran Dowell is leaving the field to be replaced by Dimitrios Giannoulis in a tactical substitution.
74	Mathias Normann is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
73	Mathias Normann is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
73	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
73	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
73	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
73	Brentford is trying to create something here.
72	Brentford is in control of the ball.
72	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
72	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
71	Mathias Normann fouls Saman Ghoddos.
71	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
71	Kieran Dowell from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ethan Pinnock
70	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Norwich is in control of the ball.
70	Ball possession: Brentford: 63%, Norwich: 37%.
69	Rico Henry is leaving the field to be replaced by Marcus Forss in a tactical substitution.
69	Christian Noergaard fouls Pierre Lees-Melou.
69	Rico Henry from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
69	Mathias Jensen puts in a cross...
69	Sergi Canos releases a shot, it's parried by Tim Krul but he can't hold onto it...
69	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
68	Brentford is trying to create something here.
68	Brentford is in control of the ball.
67	Brentford is in control of the ball.
67	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
67	Mathias Jensen swings in a cross from the free kick.
66	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich trips Christian Noergaard
65	Mathias Normann comes back onto the field.
65	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Ball possession: Brentford: 61%, Norwich: 39%.
65	The game is restarted.
65	Mathias Normann is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
64	Mathias Normann is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
63	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
63	Milot Rashica relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
63	The home team are really starting to put pressure the opposition now.
63	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
63	Mathias Normann relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
62	Milot Rashica sends a direct free kick on target, but Alvaro Fernandez has it under control
61	The referee signals a free kick as Christian Noergaard from Brentford trips Milot Rashica
61	With the goal, Brentford have reduced their deficit. Will they be capable of pulling something out of the game?
60	Saman Ghoddos provided the assist for the goal.
60	GOOOOOAAL! - Rico Henry from Brentford taps the ball in with the right! An easy finish for Rico Henry
60	Saman Ghoddos from Brentford puts in a great cross...
60	Ball possession: Brentford: 59%, Norwich: 41%.
59	Norwich is in control of the ball.
59	Kieran Dowell is penalised for pushing Ethan Pinnock.
58	Rico Henry from Brentford directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Mathias Normann from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	The match resumes with a drop ball.
57	The game is stopped.
56	Pontus Jansson from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
56	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
56	Tim Krul from Norwich makes a great save.
56	Tim Krul saved a certain goal there! Christian Noergaard found himself in a great scoring position but Tim Krul denied him with a great save
56	Charlie Goode from Brentford heads the ball to a team mate.
56	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
55	Ivan Toney from Brentford directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
55	Ivan Toney from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
55	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Kieran Dowell from Norwich crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
55	Ball possession: Brentford: 59%, Norwich: 41%.
54	The referee signals a free kick as Christian Noergaard from Brentford trips Milot Rashica
54	Brentford is in control of the ball.
53	Saman Ghoddos from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
53	Ethan Pinnock sends a header towards goal, but Tim Krul is there to comfortably save it
53	Mathias Jensen swings in a cross from the free kick.
52	Yellow card for Andrew Omobamidele.
52	The referee signals a free kick as Andrew Omobamidele from Norwich trips Saman Ghoddos
52	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
52	Mathias Normann goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
51	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Max Aarons from Norwich is ruled offside.
51	Ball possession: Brentford: 58%, Norwich: 42%.
50	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford is ruled offside.
50	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for Brentford is revoked due to offside.
50	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
49	GOOOOOAAL!! Brentford score! Bryan Mbeumo is on the scoresheet.
49	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
49	A Brentford-player passes the ball to a team mate.
49	Goal kick for Norwich.
49	Teemu Pukki sends a shot inches wide. Close!
49	Brandon Williams of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
49	Brandon Williams from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
49	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
48	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Saman Ghoddos from Brentford makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
48	Brentford is trying to create something here.
48	A shot by Pierre Lees-Melou is blocked.
47	Christian Noergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Kieran Dowell from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
47	Ethan Pinnock clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
47	Norwich start a counter attack.
47	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
46	Norwich is in control of the ball.
46	Vitaly Janelt is leaving the field to be replaced by Saman Ghoddos in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Brentford: 54%, Norwich: 46%.
48	Reckless challenge there. Bryan Mbeumo commits a rough foul on Brandon Williams
48	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Tim Krul relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
48	Brentford is trying to create something here.
47	Brentford is in control of the ball.
47	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Teemu Pukki is penalised for pushing Charlie Goode.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Brentford is in control of the ball.
45	Milot Rashica from Norwich is ruled offside.
45	Could be a good chance here as Kieran Dowell from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
45	Ball possession: Brentford: 56%, Norwich: 44%.
45	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Great vision by Rico Henry from Brentford as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
44	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
44	Norwich is trying to create something here.
44	Norwich is in control of the ball.
43	Brentford is in control of the ball.
43	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
43	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
43	Brentford start a counter attack.
43	Teemu Pukki from Norwich had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
43	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
42	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Norwich is in control of the ball.
41	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Mathias Jensen from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
41	Brentford is trying to create something here.
40	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Sergi Canos from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
40	Ball possession: Brentford: 55%, Norwich: 45%.
39	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Brentford is in control of the ball.
38	Goal kick for Norwich.
38	Pierre Lees-Melou is penalised for pushing Christian Noergaard.
37	Pierre Lees-Melou is penalised for pushing Bryan Mbeumo.
37	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
37	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Max Aarons from Norwich sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
36	Brandon Williams of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
36	Brandon Williams from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
36	Norwich start a counter attack.
35	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Brentford: 57%, Norwich: 43%.
35	Goal kick for Norwich.
35	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
34	A shot by Sergi Canos is blocked.
34	Andrew Omobamidele relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
34	Sergi Canos from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
33	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Brentford is in control of the ball.
32	Yellow card for Mathias Normann.
32	Reckless challenge there. Mathias Normann commits a rough foul on Vitaly Janelt
32	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	Norwich is in control of the ball.
31	Norwich is in control of the ball.
31	Christian Noergaard fouls Andrew Omobamidele.
31	Ball possession: Brentford: 57%, Norwich: 43%.
30	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Teemu Pukki from Norwich puts it away from the penalty spot with the right foot! Alvaro Fernandez chose the wrong side.
28	Yellow card for Charlie Goode.
28	PENALTY - Charlie Goode from Brentford concedes a penalty for tripping Teemu Pukki.
28	Teemu Pukki from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
28	Could be a good chance here as Mathias Normann from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
27	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Bryan Mbeumo is penalised for pushing Ben Gibson.
27	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford heads the ball to a team mate.
26	Charlie Goode puts in a cross...
26	Andrew Omobamidele relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
26	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
25	Ball possession: Brentford: 51%, Norwich: 49%.
25	Rico Henry from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
25	Brentford is trying to create something here.
25	Mathias Normann is penalised for pushing Vitaly Janelt.
24	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Brandon Williams relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
23	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
23	Brentford is in control of the ball.
22	Sergi Canos is penalised for pushing Brandon Williams.
21	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Brentford is in control of the ball.
20	A shot by Rico Henry is blocked.
20	Mathias Jensen from Brentford heads the ball to a team mate.
20	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
20	Ball possession: Brentford: 34%, Norwich: 66%.
19	Reckless challenge there. Kieran Dowell commits a rough foul on Christian Noergaard
19	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
18	The match resumes with a drop ball.
18	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
18	A shot by Mathias Jensen is blocked.
18	Bryan Mbeumo of Brentford passes the ball to a team mate.
17	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
17	Brentford is in control of the ball.
16	Sergi Canos from Brentford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
16	Sergi Canos relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
15	Ball possession: Brentford: 39%, Norwich: 61%.
15	Goal kick for Norwich.
14	A chance presents itself to Ethan Pinnock from Brentford but his header goes wide
14	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
14	Should have been a goal! Christian Noergaard gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Tim Krul!
14	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford heads the ball to a team mate.
13	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
13	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Mathias Joergensen is injured and is replaced by Charlie Goode.
12	Good effort by Milot Rashica as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
12	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
11	Brentford is in control of the ball.
11	Christian Noergaard is penalised for pushing Kenny McLean.
10	Norwich is in control of the ball.
10	Ball possession: Brentford: 44%, Norwich: 56%.
10	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Max Aarons from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
9	Kieran Dowell from Norwich directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
9	Could be a good chance here as Brandon Williams from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
9	Norwich is in control of the ball.
8	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	Norwich managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
6	GOOOOOAAL! - Mathias Normann reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the left!
6	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
6	Poor play by Ivan Toney as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
6	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
6	Teemu Pukki from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
6	The game is restarted.
5	Ball possession: Brentford: 50%, Norwich: 50%.
5	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
4	Yellow card for Ivan Toney.
4	Reckless challenge there. Ivan Toney commits a rough foul on Andrew Omobamidele
4	Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
4	The referee signals a free kick as Kieran Dowell from Norwich trips Rico Henry
3	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Goal kick for Norwich.
3	Ivan Toney from Brentford sends an effort wide of target
3	Mathias Jensen from Brentford directs a ball squarely in the box.
2	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
2	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
2	Sergi Canos from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
1	Bryan Mbeumo fouls Andrew Omobamidele.
1	Mathias Jensen from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
1	Norwich is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Norwich kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Brentford Community Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Chelsea didnt capitalize on their opportunities and the game ended in a draw.
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Today's attendance is 39798.
95	Ball possession: Chelsea: 70%, Burnley: 30%.
95	That looked a fine chance. Christian Pulisic from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
94	Goal kick for Chelsea.
94	Matej Vydra from Burnley sends an effort wide of target
94	Nick Pope sends a long ball upfield.
93	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
93	Mason Mount puts in a cross...
93	Reece James from Chelsea takes a short corner kick from the right.
92	The referee signals a free kick as Dwight McNeil from Burnley trips Jorginho
92	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Josh Brownhill from Burnley receives a yellow card after a dangerous challenge on an opponent player.
90	Dangerous challenge by Josh Brownhill from Burnley. Christian Pulisic on the receiving end of that.
90	Ben Chilwell relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Erik Pieters puts in a cross...
90	Ball possession: Chelsea: 70%, Burnley: 30%.
90	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
89	Matej Vydra from Burnley is ruled offside.
89	The referee signals a free kick as Reece James from Chelsea trips Jay Rodriguez
89	Goal kick for Burnley.
88	Burnley with a clear defensive substitution as Maxwel Cornet comes off for the more defensively minded Erik Pieters
88	Maxwel Cornet is leaving the field to be replaced by Erik Pieters in a tactical substitution.
87	Thiago Silva from Chelsea sends an effort wide of target
87	A shot by Antonio Ruediger is blocked.
87	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
87	Christian Pulisic from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
86	Matej Vydra from Burnley is ruled offside.
86	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
86	Christian Pulisic puts in a cross...
86	A shot by Ben Chilwell is blocked.
86	Thiago Silva from Chelsea tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	Mason Mount from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
85	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
85	Ball possession: Chelsea: 68%, Burnley: 32%.
85	N'Golo Kante is leaving the field to be replaced by Mason Mount in a tactical substitution.
85	Callum Hudson-Odoi is leaving the field to be replaced by Christian Pulisic in a tactical substitution.
84	A silly yellow card for James Tarkowski there as he kicks the ball away in frustration
84	The referee signals a free kick as James Tarkowski from Burnley trips Ben Chilwell
84	A shot by Ben Chilwell is blocked.
84	Charlie Taylor relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	N'Golo Kante puts in a cross...
84	Reece James from Chelsea takes a short corner kick from the right.
83	Kai Havertz from Chelsea tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
83	Reece James from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
83	Reece James from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
83	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
82	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	With that goal, Burnley equalised. Game on!
81	Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
81	Ball possession: Chelsea: 67%, Burnley: 33%.
81	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Burnley stands.
81	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
79	Jay Rodriguez provided the assist for the goal.
79	GOOOOOAAL! - Matej Vydra scores with the right foot!
79	Jay Rodriguez from Burnley heads the ball to a team mate.
79	Ashley Westwood puts in a cross...
79	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
79	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
78	Burnley is in control of the ball.
77	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
76	The referee shows Reece James the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
76	The referee shows Maxwel Cornet the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
76	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
75	A chance presents itself to Jay Rodriguez from Burnley but his header goes wide
75	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
75	A shot by Josh Brownhill is blocked.
75	Ball possession: Chelsea: 69%, Burnley: 31%.
74	The referee signals a free kick as Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea trips Matej Vydra
74	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
73	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Goal kick for Burnley.
73	Ross Barkley is leaving the field to be replaced by Ruben Loftus-Cheek in a tactical substitution.
72	Ross Barkley from Chelsea sends an effort wide of target
72	Callum Hudson-Odoi of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
72	Reece James of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
71	Jorginho from Chelsea passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
71	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Johann Berg Gudmundsson is leaving the field to be replaced by Matej Vydra in a tactical substitution.
70	Ball possession: Chelsea: 68%, Burnley: 32%.
70	Jay Rodriguez from Burnley goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Reece James
70	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Jay Rodriguez puts in a cross...
68	After a tactical foul, Ashley Westwood sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
68	The ref blows his whistle. Ashley Westwood charged Ross Barkley from behind and it's a free-kick
68	Ashley Westwood from Burnley passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
67	Burnley is in control of the ball.
67	Goal kick for Burnley.
66	Chelsea are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
66	A shot by Jorginho is blocked.
66	A shot by Ben Chilwell is blocked.
66	Reece James of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
65	A shot by Ross Barkley is blocked.
65	Ball possession: Chelsea: 69%, Burnley: 31%.
65	Reece James releases a shot, it's parried by Nick Pope but he can't hold onto it...
65	Ross Barkley of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
65	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
64	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
64	Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
64	Ben Chilwell swings in a cross from the free kick.
63	The referee signals a free kick as Maxwel Cornet from Burnley trips Jorginho
63	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Callum Hudson-Odoi puts in a cross...
63	Reece James from Chelsea plays a cheeky 1-2 with Callum Hudson-Odoi.
62	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
62	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	Chris Wood is leaving the field to be replaced by Jay Rodriguez in a tactical substitution.
61	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
60	A shot by Kai Havertz is blocked.
60	Ball possession: Chelsea: 69%, Burnley: 31%.
59	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
59	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley is ruled offside.
58	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
56	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Reece James from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
55	Reece James from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
55	Ball possession: Chelsea: 71%, Burnley: 29%.
54	Burnley is in control of the ball.
54	Goal kick for Burnley.
53	Kai Havertz from Chelsea sends an effort wide of target
53	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box.
53	Ross Barkley of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
52	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley is ruled offside.
52	Chris Wood from Burnley heads the ball to a team mate.
52	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Great vision by Andreas Christensen from Chelsea as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
51	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Goal kick for Burnley.
50	POST! A header by Thiago Silva hits the post!
50	Reece James puts in a cross...
50	Johann Berg Gudmundsson relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Ross Barkley from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
50	Ball possession: Chelsea: 72%, Burnley: 28%.
49	A shot by Reece James is blocked.
49	Ross Barkley of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
49	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Goal kick for Burnley.
48	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea tries to play a 1-2 with Kai Havertz, but the ball is intercepted.
47	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
47	Matthew Lowton from Burnley crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
46	Burnley is in control of the ball.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Josh Brownhill from Burnley trips Jorginho
46	The second half is underway.
48	Burnley didnt see the ball pretty much in the first half.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Chelsea: 74%, Burnley: 26%.
47	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
45	Ball possession: Chelsea: 75%, Burnley: 25%.
45	Goal kick for Burnley.
44	Ross Barkley goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
44	Goal kick for Burnley.
43	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
42	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Reece James comes back onto the field.
42	The game is restarted.
42	Reece James is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
40	Reece James is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
40	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
40	Ball possession: Chelsea: 75%, Burnley: 25%.
40	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
39	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
38	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
37	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Jorginho puts in a cross...
37	Josh Brownhill relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Reece James puts in a cross...
37	Ross Barkley from Chelsea takes a short corner kick from the right.
36	Dwight McNeil clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
36	Kai Havertz puts in a cross...
35	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
35	Ball possession: Chelsea: 73%, Burnley: 27%.
34	Burnley is in control of the ball.
33	Reece James provided the assist for the goal.
33	GOOOOOAAL! - Kai Havertz from Chelsea heads the ball home!
33	Reece James puts in a cross...
33	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
33	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
32	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
32	Kai Havertz comes back onto the field.
32	Burnley is trying to create something here.
31	Burnley is in control of the ball.
31	Kai Havertz is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
30	Kai Havertz from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but Nick Pope runs out to collect the ball
30	Kai Havertz from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
30	Ball possession: Chelsea: 75%, Burnley: 25%.
30	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
29	Thiago Silva sees his shot deflected off target
29	Callum Hudson-Odoi of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
29	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea takes a short corner kick from the left.
29	Reece James from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
29	Jorginho of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
28	Reece James from Chelsea passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
28	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Andreas Christensen from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
27	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
25	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Goal kick for Burnley.
25	Ball possession: Chelsea: 74%, Burnley: 26%.
25	A chance presents itself to Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea but his header goes wide
24	Ross Barkley from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
24	Charlie Taylor relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Ross Barkley puts in a cross...
24	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
23	Dangerous challenge by Ross Barkley from Chelsea. Ben Mee on the receiving end of that.
22	Ben Chilwell relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
22	Dwight McNeil from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
21	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Maxwel Cornet hits the target with a bicycle kick, but Edouard Mendy denies him a great goal!
20	Burnley is trying to create something here.
20	Ball possession: Chelsea: 78%, Burnley: 22%.
19	Andreas Christensen is penalised for pushing Charlie Taylor.
19	Goal kick for Burnley.
19	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
18	Could be a good chance here as Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
18	The referee signals a free kick as Maxwel Cornet from Burnley trips Jorginho
17	Burnley is in control of the ball.
17	The match is very one-sided right now. Chelsea are clearly dominating possession
17	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
16	Johann Berg Gudmundsson relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	Ross Barkley from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
15	Ben Mee clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
15	N'Golo Kante puts in a cross...
15	Ball possession: Chelsea: 73%, Burnley: 27%.
15	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Ross Barkley puts in a cross...
15	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Reece James from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
14	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	Goal kick for Burnley.
13	Ross Barkley sends a shot inches wide. Close!
13	Some neat football here as Ross Barkley from Chelsea plays a 1-2 with Reece James.
13	Kai Havertz from Chelsea passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
13	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
12	The referee signals a free kick as Matthew Lowton from Burnley trips Ben Chilwell
11	Ross Barkley is penalised for pushing Charlie Taylor.
11	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Goal kick for Burnley.
10	Ball possession: Chelsea: 71%, Burnley: 29%.
10	A chance presents itself to Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea but his header goes wide
10	Ross Barkley from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
9	Jorginho directs a header goal-bound but it's saved to a corner-kick by Nick Pope!
9	Reece James puts in a cross...
9	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea takes a short corner kick from the left.
9	Maxwel Cornet clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
9	Ross Barkley puts in a cross...
9	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
8	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
8	Kai Havertz of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
7	Goal kick for Burnley.
7	A chance presents itself to Andreas Christensen from Chelsea but his header goes wide
7	Callum Hudson-Odoi puts in a cross...
7	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea takes a short corner kick from the right.
6	A shot by Reece James is blocked.
6	Callum Hudson-Odoi of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
6	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
5	Goal kick for Burnley.
5	Ball possession: Chelsea: 76%, Burnley: 24%.
5	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea sends an effort wide of target
4	Callum Hudson-Odoi releases a shot, it's parried by Nick Pope but he can't hold onto it...
4	Ross Barkley of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
4	Chelsea start a counter attack.
4	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
3	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Burnley is in control of the ball.
2	Kai Havertz from Chelsea is ruled offside.
1	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Chelsea kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Stamford Bridge, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
99	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
99	Crystal Palace with a deserved victory after a fine display
99	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
98	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 60%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 40%.
98	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
97	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
97	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
96	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
96	Joachim Andersen comes back onto the field.
96	Joachim Andersen is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
95	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 60%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 40%.
93	Joachim Andersen is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
93	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
92	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
92	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
91	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace takes a short corner kick from the left.
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 60%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 40%.
90	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
90	Tyrick Mitchell sends a long ball upfield.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Fabio Silva from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Cheikhou Kouyate
90	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
90	Hee-Chan Hwang is leaving the field to be replaced by Fabio Silva in a tactical substitution.
89	Christian Benteke is leaving the field to be replaced by Jordan Ayew in a tactical substitution.
89	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Today's attendance is 24390.
88	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Joel Ward is penalised for pushing Romain Saiss.
87	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
87	Wilfried Zaha hand-balls.
87	A shot by Christian Benteke is blocked.
87	Wilfried Zaha goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
86	Jeffrey Schlupp of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
86	Could be a good chance here as Michael Olise from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
86	A shot by Michael Olise is blocked.
86	Jeffrey Schlupp of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
86	Some neat football here as Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace plays a 1-2 with Christian Benteke.
86	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
85	Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
85	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
85	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
85	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 61%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 39%.
84	Hee-Chan Hwang is penalised for pushing Michael Olise.
84	Some neat football here as Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a 1-2 with Hee-Chan Hwang.
84	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
83	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
83	Ruben Neves goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
83	Christian Benteke relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
82	The resulting free-kick is taken by Joao Moutinho and his strike forces a good save from Vicente Guaita. It's a corner
81	After a tactical foul, Michael Olise sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
81	Michael Olise is penalised for pushing Daniel Podence.
81	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
80	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 64%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 36%.
80	Odsonne Edouard is leaving the field to be replaced by Michael Olise in a tactical substitution.
80	James McArthur is leaving the field to be replaced by Jeffrey Schlupp in a tactical substitution.
78	GOOOOOAAL!! - Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace scores after his effort with the left foot is deflected past the goalkeeper.
78	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
78	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Tyrick Mitchell swings in a cross from the free kick.
77	Conor Coady is penalised for pushing Christian Benteke.
77	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
76	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
76	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
76	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace chips the ball into the penalty box.
75	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 63%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 37%.
74	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace is ruled offside.
74	Danger averted there as Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers clears the danger with a good tackle
74	Christian Benteke of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
74	Conor Gallagher of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
74	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
74	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
73	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	That looked a fine chance. Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
73	Odsonne Edouard has a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind for a corner kick by the keeper!
72	Tyrick Mitchell of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
72	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers is ruled offside.
71	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
71	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers heads the ball to a team mate.
71	Joao Moutinho swings in a cross from the free kick.
70	After VAR check, the referee changed the call and decided to revoke the penalty for Wolverhampton Wanderers!
70	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 65%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 35%.
70	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
70	The referee signals a free kick as Joel Ward from Crystal Palace trips Rayan Ait Nouri
69	Some neat football here as Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a 1-2 with Daniel Podence.
69	Hee-Chan Hwang of Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball to a team mate.
69	Some neat football here as Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a 1-2 with Raul Jimenez.
69	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Nelson Semedo is leaving the field to be replaced by Adama Traore in a tactical substitution.
68	Trincao is leaving the field to be replaced by Daniel Podence in a tactical substitution.
67	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
67	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but Vicente Guaita comes out to smother the ball.
66	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
66	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
65	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 64%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 36%.
65	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
65	James McArthur puts in a cross...
64	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
64	Romain Saiss is penalised for pushing Conor Gallagher.
62	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Crystal Palace stands.
62	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
61	James McArthur provided the assist for the goal.
61	GOOOOOAAL! - Wilfried Zaha scores with the right foot!
61	Could be a good chance here as James McArthur from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
61	Nelson Semedo relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace sends a deflected cross into the box.
61	Could be a good chance here as Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
60	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
60	Cheikhou Kouyate puts in a cross...
60	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 65%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 35%.
60	Danger averted there as Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers clears the danger with a good tackle
60	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
60	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
59	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
58	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	The game is restarted.
58	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
57	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
57	So close! Christian Benteke has a great chance to score, but his header is saved well by Jose Sa!
56	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the left.
56	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
56	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
55	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 64%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 36%.
55	Cheikhou Kouyate fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
55	A shot by Odsonne Edouard is blocked.
55	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
54	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
54	Good effort by Christian Benteke as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
54	Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
54	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
53	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
52	The referee signals a free kick as Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace trips Hee-Chan Hwang
51	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Tyrick Mitchell puts in a cross...
51	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Some neat football here as Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace plays a 1-2 with Christian Benteke.
50	The game is restarted.
50	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
50	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 63%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 37%.
50	Max Kilman is penalised for pushing Wilfried Zaha.
50	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Ruben Neves is penalised for pushing Cheikhou Kouyate.
49	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Vicente Guaita relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
48	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
48	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
48	James McArthur clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
48	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
47	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
47	Conor Gallagher is penalised for pushing Ruben Neves.
46	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
46	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
49	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 64%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 36%.
48	The referee signals a free kick as Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace trips Rayan Ait Nouri
48	Christian Benteke relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
48	The game is restarted.
47	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
47	Joel Ward clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
47	Hee-Chan Hwang of Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball to a team mate.
46	The ref blows his whistle. James McArthur charged Raul Jimenez from behind and it's a free-kick
46	Conor Coady is penalised for pushing Christian Benteke.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
45	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 62%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 38%.
45	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
44	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
44	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
43	Cheikhou Kouyate hand-balls.
43	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
42	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
42	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
42	Jose Sa relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the left.
41	Conor Coady clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
41	Christian Benteke of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
41	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but Jose Sa comes out to smother the ball.
41	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
41	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 61%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 39%.
40	Tyrick Mitchell is penalised for pushing Nelson Semedo.
40	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
39	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
39	Raul Jimenez sends a header towards goal, but the keeper is equal to it.
38	Joao Moutinho swings in a cross from the free kick.
37	Yellow card for Marc Guehi.
37	Reckless challenge there. Marc Guehi commits a rough foul on Nelson Semedo
37	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace concedes a foul on Ruben Neves but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
37	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
37	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 60%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 40%.
35	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
35	A chance presents itself to Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace but his header goes wide
35	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
34	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips James McArthur
34	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
33	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
32	Raul Jimenez is penalised for pushing Marc Guehi.
32	Christian Benteke relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
31	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
31	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
31	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
30	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 61%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 39%.
30	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
29	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
29	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
28	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
28	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
28	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
27	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
26	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
26	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	The game is restarted.
25	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 64%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 36%.
25	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
25	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
24	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
23	The game is restarted.
23	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
23	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Wilfried Zaha
22	Hee-Chan Hwang is penalised for pushing Wilfried Zaha.
22	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
22	James McArthur from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but Jose Sa comes out to smother the ball.
22	Odsonne Edouard of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
21	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
21	James McArthur from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Nelson Semedo
21	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
21	Cheikhou Kouyate from Crystal Palace tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
20	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Joel Ward puts in a cross...
20	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 71%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 29%.
19	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
19	Ruben Neves is penalised for pushing James McArthur.
18	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
18	A shot by Trincao is blocked.
18	Marc Guehi relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
17	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	The game is restarted.
16	Jose Sa is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
16	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 72%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 28%.
15	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
15	Dangerous challenge by Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace. Jose Sa on the receiving end of that.
15	Good effort by Odsonne Edouard as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
15	Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
15	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
15	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
14	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
14	The referee signals a free kick as James McArthur from Crystal Palace trips Trincao
14	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
13	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
13	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
12	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	The match resumes with a drop ball.
11	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
11	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 81%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 19%.
11	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
10	James McArthur from Crystal Palace crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
9	After a tactical foul, Joao Moutinho sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
9	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Odsonne Edouard
9	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
9	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
8	Nelson Semedo of Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball to a team mate.
8	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
8	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
7	A chance presents itself to Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace but his header goes wide
7	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
6	Joel Ward from Crystal Palace tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
6	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 50%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 50%.
5	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
4	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
4	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
3	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
2	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
2	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
1	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
1	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Crystal Palace kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Selhurst Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Manchester City with a deserved victory after a fine display
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Today's attendance is 73086.
95	Ball possession: Manchester United: 32%, Manchester City: 68%.
95	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
95	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United is ruled offside.
95	Scott McTominay from Manchester United heads the ball to a team mate.
95	Alex Telles from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
95	John Stones clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
95	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
94	Harry Maguire from Manchester United is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
94	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
94	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
93	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	Goal kick for Manchester United.
91	Kevin De Bruyne comes back onto the field.
91	Kevin De Bruyne is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	The referee shows Cristiano Ronaldo the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
90	Reckless challenge there. Bruno Fernandes commits a rough foul on Kevin De Bruyne
90	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
90	Bernardo Silva of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
90	Ball possession: Manchester United: 32%, Manchester City: 68%.
89	The referee signals a free kick as Donny van de Beek from Manchester United trips Phil Foden
89	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
88	Alex Telles clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
88	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
88	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
87	Goal kick for Manchester United.
86	John Stones from Manchester City sends a shot inches wide of the post. Close!
86	Rodri from Manchester City heads the ball to a team mate.
86	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
86	Scott McTominay clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
86	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
85	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
85	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Ball possession: Manchester United: 34%, Manchester City: 66%.
84	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
83	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
82	Goal kick for Manchester United.
81	POST! So nearly a goal by Phil Foden but his finish hits the post!
81	Could be a good chance here as Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
81	Dangerous challenge by Donny van de Beek from Manchester United. Bernardo Silva on the receiving end of that.
80	Victor Lindelof is penalised for pushing Kevin De Bruyne.
80	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Fred is leaving the field to be replaced by Donny van de Beek in a tactical substitution.
80	Ball possession: Manchester United: 32%, Manchester City: 68%.
80	Alex Telles from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
80	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Jadon Sancho puts in a cross...
79	A shot by Bruno Fernandes is blocked.
79	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Aaron Wan-Bissaka puts in a cross...
79	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
78	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
77	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
77	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
76	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
76	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
76	Poor play by Alex Telles as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
76	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
76	A shot by Joao Cancelo is blocked.
75	The referee signals a free kick as Jadon Sancho from Manchester United trips Rodri
75	Ball possession: Manchester United: 33%, Manchester City: 67%.
74	Cristiano Ronaldo relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Phil Foden swings in a cross from the free kick.
74	The game is restarted.
73	Luke Shaw is injured and is replaced by Alex Telles.
73	Luke Shaw is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
72	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
72	The referee signals a free kick as Scott McTominay from Manchester United trips Ilkay Gundogan
71	Luke Shaw is penalised for pushing Gabriel Jesus.
70	Luke Shaw from Manchester United is ruled offside.
70	Could be a good chance here as Marcus Rashford from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
70	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Luke Shaw comes back onto the field.
70	Ball possession: Manchester United: 34%, Manchester City: 66%.
69	The game is restarted.
69	Luke Shaw is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
67	Luke Shaw is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
67	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
67	Goal kick for Manchester United.
67	Mason Greenwood is leaving the field to be replaced by Marcus Rashford in a tactical substitution.
66	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
66	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
66	Rodri from Manchester City puts in a great cross...
66	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United concedes a foul on Kevin De Bruyne but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
65	Goal kick for Manchester United.
65	Ball possession: Manchester United: 35%, Manchester City: 65%.
64	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
63	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
62	Fred relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
62	Victor Lindelof clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
62	Phil Foden puts in a cross...
61	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
60	Bruno Fernandes is penalised for pushing Kyle Walker.
60	Ball possession: Manchester United: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
59	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
59	Mason Greenwood fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
59	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Bernardo Silva commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
58	The referee signals a free kick as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City trips Cristiano Ronaldo
58	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
57	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Kyle Walker relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Luke Shaw swings in a cross from the free kick.
56	The referee signals a free kick as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City trips Bruno Fernandes
56	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
55	Ball possession: Manchester United: 31%, Manchester City: 69%.
55	Goal kick for Manchester United.
54	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
54	Phil Foden of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
54	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
53	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
53	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	The game is restarted.
53	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
52	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
50	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Ball possession: Manchester United: 32%, Manchester City: 68%.
49	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City is ruled offside.
49	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
49	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
48	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
48	After a tactical foul, Joao Cancelo sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
48	Obstruction as Joao Cancelo cuts off the run of Mason Greenwood. A free-kick is awarded.
48	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
47	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
47	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City trips Scott McTominay
46	Eric Bailly is leaving the field to be replaced by Jadon Sancho in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
47	Manchester City has been the better team in this half
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Manchester United: 32%, Manchester City: 68%.
47	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Joao Cancelo provided the assist for the goal.
45	GOOOOOAAL! - Bernardo Silva scores with the left foot!
45	Luke Shaw could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
45	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
45	Ball possession: Manchester United: 33%, Manchester City: 67%.
44	Eric Bailly relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Rodri puts in a cross...
43	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
43	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
40	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United is ruled offside.
40	Could be a good chance here as Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
40	Ball possession: Manchester United: 32%, Manchester City: 68%.
39	Rodri from Manchester City goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Fred
39	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
38	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
37	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
37	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
36	Cristiano Ronaldo relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Phil Foden puts in a cross...
36	Phil Foden from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
35	Danger averted there as Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United clears the danger with a good tackle
35	Some neat football here as Phil Foden from Manchester City plays a 1-2 with Bernardo Silva.
35	Ball possession: Manchester United: 34%, Manchester City: 66%.
35	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Joao Cancelo releases a shot, it's parried by David De Gea but he can't hold onto it...
34	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
34	Manchester City are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
34	David De Gea from Manchester United makes a great save.
34	Kevin De Bruyne forces a good save from David De Gea who turns the ball behind for a corner!
34	Gabriel Jesus of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
34	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
34	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Dias from Manchester City trips Mason Greenwood
33	David De Gea from Manchester United shows a great reflex and comes out with an excellent save!
33	Poor play by Victor Lindelof as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
33	Phil Foden from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
33	Joao Cancelo of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
32	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
32	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Victor Lindelof relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Bernardo Silva puts in a cross...
31	The referee signals a free kick as Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United trips Joao Cancelo
30	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
30	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
30	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
30	Ball possession: Manchester United: 31%, Manchester City: 69%.
29	It's a good hit from long range by Joao Cancelo who forces a save from David De Gea. Corner kick.
29	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
29	It's a miraculous save by David De Gea from Manchester United as he prevents a certain goal!
29	Should have been a goal! Gabriel Jesus gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by David De Gea!
29	A shot by Kevin De Bruyne is blocked.
29	Phil Foden of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
29	Could be a good chance here as Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
28	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
27	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
27	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
26	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United sends an effort wide of target
26	A volley from Cristiano Ronaldo is blocked by the keeper and goes back into play.
26	Luke Shaw puts in a cross...
25	The referee signals a free kick as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City trips Harry Maguire
25	Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
25	Ball possession: Manchester United: 27%, Manchester City: 73%.
24	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
23	Victor Lindelof relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
23	Victor Lindelof relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
22	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
22	Poor play by Fred as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
22	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
22	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
22	Aaron Wan-Bissaka could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
22	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
21	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United is ruled offside.
21	Manchester United start a counter attack.
20	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
20	The referee signals a free kick as Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City trips Bruno Fernandes
20	Ball possession: Manchester United: 25%, Manchester City: 75%.
19	The referee signals a free kick as Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City trips Bruno Fernandes
19	Goal kick for Manchester United.
18	That's a great ball by Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
18	Eric Bailly relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Kevin De Bruyne puts in a cross...
18	The referee signals a free kick as Phil Foden from Manchester City trips Bruno Fernandes
17	Scott McTominay relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Phil Foden from Manchester City sends a deflected cross into the box.
17	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
16	Cristiano Ronaldo relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	Kevin De Bruyne swings in a cross from the free kick.
15	Dangerous challenge by Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United. Phil Foden on the receiving end of that.
15	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: Manchester United: 29%, Manchester City: 71%.
15	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
14	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
14	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
13	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
12	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
11	The referee signals a free kick as Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City trips Bruno Fernandes
11	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
10	The game is restarted.
10	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
10	Ball possession: Manchester United: 24%, Manchester City: 76%.
9	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
8	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
7	OGOWN GOAL - Eric Bailly sends the ball into his own net!
7	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
7	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
7	Kyle Walker from Manchester City puts in a great cross...
7	A shot by Kevin De Bruyne is blocked.
7	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
6	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
6	A chance presents itself to Harry Maguire from Manchester United but his header goes wide
6	Luke Shaw swings in a cross from the free kick.
5	The referee signals a free kick as Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City trips Cristiano Ronaldo
5	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
5	Ball possession: Manchester United: 13%, Manchester City: 87%.
4	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
3	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
3	Bernardo Silva goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
3	Kevin De Bruyne of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
2	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
1	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Manchester City kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Old Trafford, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	Adam Armstrong from Southampton is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
97	Both teams could have won today but Southampton just managed to carve out the victory
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
97	Today's attendance is 30178.
97	Ball possession: Southampton: 56%, Aston Villa: 44%.
97	Southampton is trying to create something here.
97	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
96	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
96	The referee signals a free kick as Cameron Archer from Aston Villa trips Jan Bednarek
95	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Matt Targett
95	Valentino Livramento from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
95	Southampton is trying to create something here.
95	Ball possession: Southampton: 57%, Aston Villa: 43%.
94	Ollie Watkins is penalised for pushing James Ward-Prowse.
94	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
94	Armando Broja from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down John McGinn
93	Southampton is trying to create something here.
93	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	Southampton start a counter attack.
92	A shot by John McGinn is blocked.
91	Jan Bednarek relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Ollie Watkins puts in a cross...
91	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
91	After a tactical foul, Mohammed Salisu sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
91	The referee signals a free kick as Mohammed Salisu from Southampton trips Keinan Davis
91	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
90	Southampton is trying to create something here.
90	The fourth official shows there are 7 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Cameron Archer from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jan Bednarek
90	Ball possession: Southampton: 58%, Aston Villa: 42%.
89	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
89	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
89	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Oh no. From a promising position Matty Cash from Aston Villa miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
88	Jan Bednarek comes back onto the field.
88	The match resumes with a drop ball.
88	Jan Bednarek is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
86	Jan Bednarek is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
86	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
86	Alex McCarthy relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
86	Jan Bednarek clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
86	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
85	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
85	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
85	Ball possession: Southampton: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
85	Goal kick for Southampton.
84	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa sends an effort wide of target
84	A chance opens up as Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa successfully finds a team mate in the area...
84	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
84	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Southampton is in control of the ball.
82	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
82	Armando Broja from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
82	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
81	John McGinn from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
81	Goal kick for Southampton.
81	Adam Armstrong is leaving the field to be replaced by Armando Broja in a tactical substitution.
80	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
80	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
80	Ball possession: Southampton: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
79	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
79	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
79	The game is restarted.
79	Anwar El-Ghazi is leaving the field to be replaced by Keinan Davis in a tactical substitution.
77	Mohammed Salisu is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
77	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
77	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
77	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
77	Valentino Livramento from Southampton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
77	Southampton is trying to create something here.
76	Mohamed Elyounoussi is leaving the field to be replaced by Ibrahima Diallo in a tactical substitution.
76	The referee signals a free kick as Leon Bailey from Aston Villa trips Lyanco
75	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
75	Southampton is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: Southampton: 61%, Aston Villa: 39%.
74	The referee signals a free kick as Oriol Romeu from Southampton trips John McGinn
74	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Southampton is in control of the ball.
73	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
73	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
72	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	Great defending by Leon Bailey from Aston Villa to prevent his team conceding a goal.
72	Southampton start a counter attack.
72	James Ward-Prowse relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Anwar El-Ghazi puts in a cross...
72	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Jacob Ramsey puts in a cross...
71	The game is restarted.
71	Emiliano Buendia is leaving the field to be replaced by Cameron Archer in a tactical substitution.
71	Matty Cash is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
71	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
70	Dangerous challenge by Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton. Matty Cash on the receiving end of that.
70	The game is restarted.
70	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
70	Ball possession: Southampton: 61%, Aston Villa: 39%.
69	Mohamed Elyounoussi is penalised for pushing Emiliano Buendia.
69	Southampton is trying to create something here.
68	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
68	John McGinn puts in a cross...
68	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa takes a short corner kick from the left.
67	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
67	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
67	The referee signals a free kick as James Ward-Prowse from Southampton trips John McGinn
67	Adam Armstrong from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
67	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton takes a short corner kick from the left.
66	Che Adams finds himself in acres of space, but his header is turned behind by the Emiliano Martinez! Corner kick...
66	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
65	Yellow card for Axel Tuanzebe.
65	Axel Tuanzebe is penalised for pushing Adam Armstrong.
65	Goal kick for Southampton.
65	The game is restarted.
65	Ball possession: Southampton: 62%, Aston Villa: 38%.
64	Mohamed Elyounoussi is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
64	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
63	Leon Bailey goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
63	Marvelous Nakamba is leaving the field to be replaced by Jacob Ramsey in a tactical substitution.
62	Yellow card for Oriol Romeu.
62	Oriol Romeu is penalised for pushing Matty Cash.
61	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
61	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Goal kick for Southampton.
60	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa sends an effort wide of target
60	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
60	Southampton is in control of the ball.
60	Ball possession: Southampton: 63%, Aston Villa: 37%.
59	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
59	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
59	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
58	Tyrone Mings clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
58	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
57	The referee signals a free kick as Axel Tuanzebe from Aston Villa trips Che Adams
57	Southampton is trying to create something here.
57	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
56	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Stuart Armstrong is leaving the field to be replaced by Lyanco in a tactical substitution.
56	Ball possession: Southampton: 64%, Aston Villa: 36%.
56	A shot by Adam Armstrong is blocked.
55	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	James Ward-Prowse puts in a cross...
55	Southampton is trying to create something here.
54	Southampton is in control of the ball.
54	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
53	Goal kick for Southampton.
53	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
53	Mohamed Elyounoussi relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
53	Tyrone Mings sees his shot deflected off target
53	A chance opens up as Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa successfully finds a team mate in the area...
53	Danger! Leon Bailey from Aston Villa successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
52	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
52	Matt Targett from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
52	Stuart Armstrong clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
52	Anwar El-Ghazi from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
52	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
51	Goal kick for Southampton.
51	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa sends an effort wide of target
51	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa plays a cheeky 1-2 with Ollie Watkins.
51	Southampton is in control of the ball.
50	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
50	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa sends an effort wide of target
50	A chance opens up as Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa successfully finds a team mate in the area...
50	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
50	Ball possession: Southampton: 66%, Aston Villa: 34%.
49	Southampton is in control of the ball.
49	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
49	Anwar El-Ghazi from Aston Villa successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
49	Anwar El-Ghazi from Aston Villa sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
49	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Leon Bailey puts in a cross...
49	Mohamed Elyounoussi relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
48	It's a good hit from long range by Anwar El-Ghazi who forces a save from Alex McCarthy. Corner kick.
48	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
47	The referee signals a free kick as Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa trips Che Adams
47	Che Adams relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
47	Anwar El-Ghazi from Aston Villa heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
47	John McGinn puts in a cross...
46	Jan Bednarek relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Anwar El-Ghazi puts in a cross...
46	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
46	Southampton is in control of the ball.
46	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
47	The only goal scored by Southampton gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
46	It's over! The referee blows for half time
46	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Ball possession: Southampton: 70%, Aston Villa: 30%.
45	Matt Targett from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
45	John McGinn from Aston Villa chips the ball into the penalty box.
45	A shot by Anwar El-Ghazi is blocked.
45	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
44	Axel Tuanzebe relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton sends a deflected cross into the box.
44	Southampton is trying to create something here.
44	The ref blows his whistle. Matt Targett charged Stuart Armstrong from behind and it's a free-kick
43	Southampton is in control of the ball.
43	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
43	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
42	Oriol Romeu fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
42	A chance opens up as Che Adams from Southampton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
42	Ollie Watkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
41	Matty Cash clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
41	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
41	Southampton is in control of the ball.
40	Marvelous Nakamba relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
40	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Oriol Romeu from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
40	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
40	Ball possession: Southampton: 68%, Aston Villa: 32%.
39	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
38	Southampton is in control of the ball.
38	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
37	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Southampton is trying to create something here.
36	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	The ref blows his whistle. Jan Bednarek charged Ollie Watkins from behind and it's a free-kick
35	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Valentino Livramento puts in a cross...
35	Ball possession: Southampton: 69%, Aston Villa: 31%.
35	Southampton is trying to create something here.
34	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
34	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
34	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
34	It's a good hit from long range by James Ward-Prowse who forces a save from Emiliano Martinez. Corner kick.
34	Stuart Armstrong of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
33	Southampton is trying to create something here.
33	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
33	Mohamed Elyounoussi puts in a cross...
33	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton takes a short corner kick from the right.
32	Valentino Livramento from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
32	Southampton start a counter attack.
32	Valentino Livramento relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Anwar El-Ghazi puts in a cross...
32	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
31	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Adam Armstrong is penalised for pushing Matt Targett.
30	Ball possession: Southampton: 74%, Aston Villa: 26%.
30	Alex McCarthy relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
29	Jan Bednarek clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
29	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
29	Jan Bednarek clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
29	Leon Bailey puts in a cross...
28	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
27	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
27	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
27	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
27	A chance opens up as Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
27	Southampton is trying to create something here.
26	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
26	How did he miss that? Anwar El-Ghazi has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
26	Anwar El-Ghazi from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
26	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
26	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Ball possession: Southampton: 76%, Aston Villa: 24%.
25	Southampton is in control of the ball.
24	Anwar El-Ghazi from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Valentino Livramento
24	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
24	Mohammed Salisu from Southampton has a deflected header on target saved by the keeper.
24	James Ward-Prowse puts in a cross...
24	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
23	Marvelous Nakamba clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
23	Adam Armstrong puts in a cross...
23	Southampton is in control of the ball.
22	Mohammed Salisu from Southampton heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
22	James Ward-Prowse puts in a cross...
22	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
21	Matt Targett clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
21	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
21	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
20	Southampton is in control of the ball.
20	Leon Bailey shoots from outside the box, but Alex McCarthy has it under control
20	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
20	Ball possession: Southampton: 75%, Aston Villa: 25%.
20	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	Mohamed Elyounoussi is penalised for pushing Matty Cash.
19	Southampton is in control of the ball.
18	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Southampton is trying to create something here.
17	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Matty Cash relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	A player from Southampton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
17	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Kyle Walker-Peters puts in a cross...
16	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
16	Danger! Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
16	Southampton is trying to create something here.
16	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
15	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
15	Ball possession: Southampton: 76%, Aston Villa: 24%.
14	Southampton is in control of the ball.
14	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
14	A chance presents itself to Che Adams from Southampton but his header goes wide
14	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
13	Matty Cash clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
13	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
13	Southampton is in control of the ball.
13	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
12	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	John McGinn relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	James Ward-Prowse puts in a cross...
11	Southampton is trying to create something here.
11	Yellow card for Anwar El-Ghazi.
11	The referee signals a free kick as Anwar El-Ghazi from Aston Villa trips Valentino Livramento
11	Southampton is in control of the ball.
10	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Southampton: 71%, Aston Villa: 29%.
10	Anwar El-Ghazi is penalised for pushing Valentino Livramento.
9	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
9	CHANCE! Stuart Armstrong has a great chance to score but his volleyed effort fails to hit the target!
9	Poor play by Ollie Watkins as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
9	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
8	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
8	Southampton is in control of the ball.
8	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Emiliano Martinez from Aston Villa fails to clear the ball properly and gives away a throw-in to the opponent team.
7	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
7	Good effort by Emiliano Buendia as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
7	A chance opens up as Anwar El-Ghazi from Aston Villa successfully finds a team mate in the area...
7	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
7	Southampton is in control of the ball.
6	Goal kick for Southampton.
6	John McGinn fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
6	Mohamed Elyounoussi relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Emiliano Buendia swings in a cross from the free kick.
6	The referee signals a free kick as Mohammed Salisu from Southampton trips Ollie Watkins
5	Ball possession: Southampton: 64%, Aston Villa: 36%.
5	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
5	Valentino Livramento from Southampton makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
5	Danger! Stuart Armstrong from Southampton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
4	Southampton is in control of the ball.
3	GOOOOOAAL! - Adam Armstrong reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the left!
3	Poor play by Matty Cash as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
3	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
3	The referee signals a free kick as Matt Targett from Aston Villa trips Stuart Armstrong
2	Southampton is in control of the ball.
2	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Southampton is in control of the ball.
1	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Aston Villa kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to St. Mary's Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Both teams could have won today but Wolverhampton Wanderers just managed to carve out the victory
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 30617.
96	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 62%, Everton: 38%.
96	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
96	Everton is trying to create something here.
95	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
95	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 62%, Everton: 38%.
95	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
95	Poor play by Nelson Semedo as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
94	A player from Everton takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
94	Hee-Chan Hwang is leaving the field to be replaced by Fabio Silva in a tactical substitution.
94	Ben Godfrey from Everton makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
94	Could be a good chance here as Mason Holgate from Everton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
93	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Anthony Gordon from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
93	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	A player from Everton takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
93	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	The game is restarted.
92	The referee shows Rayan Ait Nouri the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
92	The referee shows Seamus Coleman the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
92	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Hee-Chan Hwang is penalised for pushing Ben Godfrey.
90	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 64%, Everton: 36%.
90	Demarai Gray is leaving the field to be replaced by Jose Salomon Rondon in a tactical substitution.
90	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a clear defensive substitution as Raul Jimenez comes off for the more defensively minded Leander Dendoncker
90	Raul Jimenez is leaving the field to be replaced by Leander Dendoncker in a tactical substitution.
89	Demarai Gray is penalised for pushing Hee-Chan Hwang.
88	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	The referee signals a free kick as Richarlison from Everton trips Max Kilman
87	Demarai Gray from Everton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
87	Anthony Gordon puts in a cross...
86	Everton start a counter attack.
86	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
86	Jose Sa from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes a great save.
86	So nearly a goal there! Anthony Gordon's header looked destined for the back of the net but Jose Sa saves it!
86	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
85	Seamus Coleman sees his shot deflected off target
85	Richarlison of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
85	Ben Godfrey puts in a cross...
85	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 66%, Everton: 34%.
85	Everton is in control of the ball.
84	The referee signals a free kick as Richarlison from Everton trips Ruben Neves
83	Anthony Gordon from Everton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
83	Some neat football here as Anthony Gordon from Everton plays a 1-2 with Seamus Coleman.
83	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
81	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
81	Fabian Delph from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
80	Everton is in control of the ball.
80	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 66%, Everton: 34%.
79	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Trincao is leaving the field to be replaced by Daniel Podence in a tactical substitution.
79	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Alex Iwobi is leaving the field to be replaced by Anthony Gordon in a tactical substitution.
77	Mason Holgate relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	Some neat football here as Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a 1-2 with Raul Jimenez.
76	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 66%, Everton: 34%.
75	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
75	The referee signals a free kick as Mason Holgate from Everton trips Trincao
75	After VAR check, the referee changed the call and decided to revoke the penalty for Wolverhampton Wanderers!
74	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
74	PENALTY! - Mason Holgate from Everton commits a penalty against Trincao.
74	Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
74	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
73	Mason Holgate relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
73	The game is restarted.
72	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
72	Ben Godfrey from Everton tries a long distance effort. The shot is helped on by an awkward deflection but Jose Sa is alert and saves it.
71	Andros Townsend from Everton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
71	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Richarlison puts in a cross...
70	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 67%, Everton: 33%.
70	Michael Keane sends a header towards goal, but Jose Sa is there to comfortably save it
69	Andros Townsend swings in a cross from the free kick.
69	Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers commits a foul by elbowing Richarlison
69	Goal kick for Everton.
69	How did he miss that? Trincao has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
68	Great skill from Trincao as he dribbles past his opponents
68	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs a ball squarely in the box.
67	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
67	Everton is in control of the ball.
66	Michael Keane provided the assist for the goal.
66	GOOOOOAAL! - Alex Iwobi scores with the right foot!
66	Michael Keane from Everton find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
66	A shot by Ben Godfrey is blocked.
66	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Allan puts in a cross...
66	Rayan Ait Nouri relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	A player from Everton takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
66	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Andros Townsend swings in a cross from the free kick.
65	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 67%, Everton: 33%.
65	The referee signals a free kick as Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Demarai Gray
65	A shot by Fabian Delph is blocked.
65	A chance opens up as Richarlison from Everton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
65	Could be a good chance here as Demarai Gray from Everton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
64	Everton is trying to create something here.
63	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Fabian Delph puts in a cross...
62	Everton is in control of the ball.
62	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
61	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
61	Goal kick for Everton.
60	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 68%, Everton: 32%.
60	POST! A header by Raul Jimenez hits the post!
60	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
60	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
60	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
60	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Seamus Coleman from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
60	Jose Sa relieves the pressure with a clearance
59	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
59	Ben Godfrey goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
59	Demarai Gray from Everton makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Richarlison from Everton heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
59	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
58	The referee signals a free kick as Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Demarai Gray
58	Raul Jimenez relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Joao Moutinho swings in a cross from the free kick.
57	The ref blows his whistle. Fabian Delph charged Rayan Ait Nouri from behind and it's a free-kick
57	Conor Coady comes back onto the field.
57	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	The game is restarted.
57	Conor Coady is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
56	Conor Coady is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
55	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
55	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
55	Jose Sa saved a certain goal there! Richarlison found himself in a great scoring position but Jose Sa denied him with a great save
55	Jose Sa could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
55	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 69%, Everton: 31%.
54	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
53	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
53	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
53	Demarai Gray from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
53	Great defending by Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers to prevent his team conceding a goal.
52	A shot by Demarai Gray is blocked.
52	Could be a good chance here as Andros Townsend from Everton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
52	Everton start a counter attack.
52	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
51	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Everton is trying to create something here.
50	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 69%, Everton: 31%.
50	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
49	Everton is in control of the ball.
49	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
48	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Great vision by Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
48	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
48	Jordan Pickford relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
48	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Demarai Gray from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
47	Conor Coady clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
47	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
47	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Jean-Philippe Gbamin is leaving the field to be replaced by Fabian Delph in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
48	Wolverhampton Wanderers has been the better team in this half
48	Everton didnt see the ball pretty much in the first half.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 69%, Everton: 31%.
47	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Everton is in control of the ball.
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Ben Godfrey from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 70%, Everton: 30%.
45	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
45	How did he miss that? Mason Holgate has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
45	Alex Iwobi from Everton heads the ball to a team mate.
45	Andros Townsend swings in a cross from the free kick.
44	Rayan Ait Nouri is penalised for pushing Richarlison.
44	Goal kick for Everton.
43	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
43	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
42	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Richarlison from Everton is ruled offside.
41	The referee signals a free kick as Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Jean-Philippe Gbamin
40	The referee signals a free kick as Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Mason Holgate
40	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 73%, Everton: 27%.
40	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	The game is restarted.
39	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
39	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Demarai Gray
38	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
37	Demarai Gray from Everton sends an effort wide of target
37	Romain Saiss could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
37	Everton is trying to create something here.
36	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
35	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
35	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 72%, Everton: 28%.
34	The referee signals a free kick as Seamus Coleman from Everton trips Hee-Chan Hwang
34	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Allan puts in a cross...
33	Everton is in control of the ball.
32	GOOOOOAAL! - An excellent lob by Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers using the right foot. Great goal!
32	CHANCE! Raul Jimenez finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
32	Ben Godfrey could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
32	Everton is in control of the ball.
31	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
31	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
30	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
30	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 76%, Everton: 24%.
29	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
29	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
29	Everton is in control of the ball.
28	Rayan Ait Nouri provided the assist for the goal.
28	GOOOOOAAL! - Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers heads the ball home!
28	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
27	Great defending by Seamus Coleman from Everton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
27	A shot by Raul Jimenez is blocked.
27	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
27	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
26	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
26	Demarai Gray from Everton sends an effort wide of target
26	Alex Iwobi from Everton directs a ball squarely in the box.
26	Alex Iwobi from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
26	Some neat football here as Alex Iwobi from Everton plays a 1-2 with Richarlison.
26	Everton is trying to create something here.
25	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 74%, Everton: 26%.
25	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
25	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
24	The referee signals a free kick as Mason Holgate from Everton trips Raul Jimenez
23	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
23	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Demarai Gray swings in a cross from the free kick.
22	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Allan
22	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
21	Everton plays a short goal kick.
20	Ruben Neves goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
20	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 75%, Everton: 25%.
19	Mason Holgate from Everton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Trincao
19	Wolverhampton Wanderers are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
18	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
18	A shot by Trincao is blocked.
18	Rayan Ait Nouri of Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball to a team mate.
18	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
17	Everton is in control of the ball.
17	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for Wolverhampton Wanderers is revoked due to offside.
16	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
15	GOOOOOAAL!! Wolverhampton Wanderers score! Hee-Chan Hwang is on the scoresheet.
15	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers is ruled offside.
15	Raul Jimenez of Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball to a team mate.
15	Great skill from Raul Jimenez as he dribbles past his opponents
15	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 79%, Everton: 21%.
14	Jordan Pickford relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
14	It's a good hit from long range by Trincao who forces a save from Jordan Pickford. Corner kick.
13	Everton is in control of the ball.
12	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
12	Everton start a counter attack.
12	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
12	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Demarai Gray
11	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
11	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 72%, Everton: 28%.
10	Great defending by Mason Holgate from Everton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
10	Conor Coady has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
10	Ruben Neves has a golden chance to score on the volley, but the keeper is on hand to save!
10	Seamus Coleman relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
9	Michael Keane clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
9	Rayan Ait Nouri puts in a cross...
9	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Goal kick for Everton.
8	Great vision by Ben Godfrey from Everton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
8	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
7	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
6	Richarlison from Everton is ruled offside.
6	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
5	Conor Coady sends a long ball upfield.
5	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 52%, Everton: 48%.
5	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
5	Everton is in control of the ball.
4	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
3	Ben Godfrey from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
2	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
1	Allan from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Everton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Molineux Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	West Ham with a deserved victory after a fine display
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Today's attendance is 41874.
95	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 42%, West Ham: 58%.
94	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
94	Aaron Cresswell puts in a cross...
93	West Ham is in control of the ball.
93	West Ham is in control of the ball.
92	West Ham is trying to create something here.
91	Aaron Cresswell relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Anwar El-Ghazi puts in a cross...
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Pablo Fornals is leaving the field to be replaced by Vladimir Coufal in a tactical substitution.
91	Jarrod Bowen is leaving the field to be replaced by Nikola Vlasic in a tactical substitution.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Angelo Ogbonna from West Ham trips Ashley Young
90	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 45%, West Ham: 55%.
90	West Ham is in control of the ball.
89	West Ham is trying to create something here.
88	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
88	Manuel Lanzini goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
87	The referee signals a free kick as Marvelous Nakamba from Aston Villa trips Michail Antonio
86	West Ham is in control of the ball.
86	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
85	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 47%, West Ham: 53%.
84	Manuel Lanzini provided the assist for the goal.
84	GOOOOOAAL! - Jarrod Bowen scores with the left foot!
84	Manuel Lanzini from West Ham directs a ball squarely in the box.
84	Could be a good chance here as Michail Antonio from West Ham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
84	West Ham is in control of the ball.
83	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
80	GOOOOOAAL! - Pablo Fornals reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
80	Jarrod Bowen releases a shot, it's parried by Emiliano Martinez but he can't hold onto it...
80	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
80	West Ham start a counter attack.
80	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 48%, West Ham: 52%.
79	After violent conduct John McGinn rightly goes into the referees book
79	After violent conduct Jarrod Bowen rightly goes into the referees book
79	Pablo Fornals from West Ham receives a yellow card after a dangerous challenge on an opponent player.
78	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
78	Dangerous challenge by Pablo Fornals from West Ham. Marvelous Nakamba on the receiving end of that.
77	West Ham is in control of the ball.
76	Anwar El-Ghazi from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
76	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	The game is restarted.
75	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
75	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 49%, West Ham: 51%.
75	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
74	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
73	Matty Cash fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
73	Declan Rice relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
72	Leon Bailey is leaving the field to be replaced by Anwar El-Ghazi in a tactical substitution.
71	Good effort by Jarrod Bowen as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
71	Pablo Fornals puts in a cross...
70	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 48%, West Ham: 52%.
70	The referee signals a free kick as Michail Antonio from West Ham trips Matty Cash
70	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
69	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
69	Pablo Fornals sees his shot deflected off target
69	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
69	The resulting free-kick is taken by Declan Rice and his strike forces a good save from Emiliano Martinez. It's a corner
68	Dangerous challenge by Ashley Young from Aston Villa. Manuel Lanzini on the receiving end of that.
68	Kortney Hause relieves the pressure with a clearance
67	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
67	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
67	Poor play by Leon Bailey as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
67	Manuel Lanzini puts in a cross...
66	West Ham is in control of the ball.
66	Pablo Fornals from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
65	West Ham is trying to create something here.
65	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 52%, West Ham: 48%.
64	Said Benrahma is leaving the field to be replaced by Manuel Lanzini in a tactical substitution.
64	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
64	The referee signals a free kick as Tomas Soucek from West Ham trips Ollie Watkins
63	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Ben Johnson relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Ashley Young swings in a cross from the free kick.
62	The referee signals a free kick as Aaron Cresswell from West Ham trips Ashley Young
61	The referee signals a free kick as Declan Rice from West Ham trips John McGinn
61	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Jarrod Bowen is penalised for pushing Matt Targett.
60	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 53%, West Ham: 47%.
59	West Ham is in control of the ball.
59	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Angelo Ogbonna relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Marvelous Nakamba puts in a cross...
58	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
57	Angelo Ogbonna relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa sees his header hit the crossbar after the keeper parries the ball.
57	John McGinn from Aston Villa makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
57	Tyrone Mings of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
57	Poor play by Tomas Soucek as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
57	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
56	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
55	Tomas Soucek fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
55	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Pablo Fornals from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
55	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 54%, West Ham: 46%.
55	A shot by Tomas Soucek is blocked.
54	Pablo Fornals relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
53	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
53	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Emiliano Buendia is leaving the field to be replaced by Tyrone Mings in a tactical substitution.
52	Aaron Cresswell takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
51	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 56%, West Ham: 44%.
50	SENT OFF! - After a professional foul, Ezri Konsa is sent off as he was the last man!
50	RED-CARD! - After reviewing the game, the referee decides to change the originally given yellow card for Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa to a red card.
49	Pablo Fornals is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
49	VAR - CARD ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential card situation.
47	The card for Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa was disallowed via VAR intervention
47	The referee signals a free kick as Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa trips Jarrod Bowen
47	Pablo Fornals from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
46	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
46	The second half is underway.
48	The only goal scored by West Ham gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 57%, West Ham: 43%.
47	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	A shot by Said Benrahma is blocked.
46	Goal kick for West Ham.
46	John McGinn from Aston Villa sends an effort wide of target
46	Ashley Young from Aston Villa makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Emiliano Buendia of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 55%, West Ham: 45%.
45	Goal kick for West Ham.
44	Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
44	Matt Targett from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
43	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Goal kick for West Ham.
42	A chance presents itself to John McGinn from Aston Villa but his header goes wide
41	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
41	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 54%, West Ham: 46%.
39	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
38	Said Benrahma provided the assist for the goal.
38	GOOOOOAAL! - Declan Rice from West Ham beats the keeper from outside the box with the right foot!
38	West Ham is trying to create something here.
38	West Ham is trying to create something here.
37	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
37	Declan Rice from West Ham successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
37	Aaron Cresswell puts in a cross...
37	Pablo Fornals from West Ham takes a short corner kick from the left.
36	Michail Antonio sees his shot deflected off target
36	Michail Antonio from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
36	West Ham is trying to create something here.
35	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
35	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 56%, West Ham: 44%.
34	Emiliano Buendia provided the assist for the goal.
34	GOOOOOAAL! - Ollie Watkins scores with the right foot!
34	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box.
34	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
34	The referee signals a free kick as Leon Bailey from Aston Villa trips Jarrod Bowen
33	Goal kick for West Ham.
33	Matty Cash fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
32	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
32	Ashley Young relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Pablo Fornals puts in a cross...
31	Lukasz Fabianski relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
30	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
30	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 57%, West Ham: 43%.
30	The referee signals a free kick as Tomas Soucek from West Ham trips Ashley Young
29	The referee signals a free kick as Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa trips Kurt Zouma
28	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
28	A chance presents itself to Michail Antonio from West Ham but his header goes wide
28	Aaron Cresswell swings in a cross from the free kick.
28	Dangerous challenge by Marvelous Nakamba from Aston Villa. Said Benrahma on the receiving end of that.
27	A chance opens up as Michail Antonio from West Ham successfully finds a team mate in the area...
27	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	The referee signals a free kick as Ashley Young from Aston Villa trips Jarrod Bowen
26	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
25	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 54%, West Ham: 46%.
25	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
23	Goal kick for West Ham.
23	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
21	The referee signals a free kick as Declan Rice from West Ham trips John McGinn
20	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
20	That looked a fine chance. Michail Antonio from West Ham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
20	Michail Antonio from West Ham sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
20	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 50%, West Ham: 50%.
19	Pablo Fornals is penalised for pushing Kortney Hause.
19	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Matty Cash from Aston Villa makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
17	Tomas Soucek sends a header towards goal, but Emiliano Martinez is there to comfortably save it
16	Jarrod Bowen puts in a cross...
16	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham takes a short corner kick from the left.
16	Jarrod Bowen sees his shot deflected off target
16	A shot by Jarrod Bowen is blocked.
16	Poor play by Ezri Konsa as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
16	Ben Johnson puts in a cross...
15	Good effort by Leon Bailey as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
15	Matt Targett swings in a cross from the free kick.
15	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 48%, West Ham: 52%.
15	The game is restarted.
15	Jacob Ramsey is injured and is replaced by Ashley Young.
15	Jacob Ramsey is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
13	Jacob Ramsey is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
13	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
13	Kurt Zouma is penalised for pushing Ollie Watkins.
12	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Pablo Fornals relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
12	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
12	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
11	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
10	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 36%, West Ham: 64%.
9	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
8	West Ham is in control of the ball.
7	Declan Rice provided the assist for the goal.
7	GOOOOOAAL! - Ben Johnson scores with the left foot!
7	West Ham is trying to create something here.
7	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
6	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
5	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 59%, West Ham: 41%.
5	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	The referee signals a free kick as Pablo Fornals from West Ham trips Ezri Konsa
3	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	The referee signals a free kick as Tomas Soucek from West Ham trips John McGinn
2	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
2	Said Benrahma goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
2	West Ham is trying to create something here.
1	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Aston Villa kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Villa Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Both teams could have won today but Leeds just managed to carve out the victory
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 26913.
96	Ball possession: Norwich: 48%, Leeds: 52%.
96	Raphinha from Leeds is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
96	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
95	Tyler Roberts is penalised for pushing Kenny McLean.
94	Raphinha shoots from outside the box, but Tim Krul has it under control
94	Ozan Kabak is penalised for pushing Tyler Roberts.
94	Oh no. From a promising position Milot Rashica from Norwich miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
94	Teemu Pukki of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
94	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
93	Goal kick for Leeds.
93	The game is restarted.
93	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
92	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	The referee signals a free kick as Tyler Roberts from Leeds trips Przemyslaw Placheta
91	Milot Rashica from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Kalvin Phillips
91	The referee signals a free kick as Jack Harrison from Leeds trips Max Aarons
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Goal kick for Leeds.
90	Przemyslaw Placheta from Norwich had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
90	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
90	Ball possession: Norwich: 47%, Leeds: 53%.
89	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Andrew Omobamidele relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Could be a good chance here as Tyler Roberts from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
89	Leeds start a counter attack.
88	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Rodrigo is leaving the field to be replaced by Tyler Roberts in a tactical substitution.
88	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
88	Grant Hanley is leaving the field to be replaced by Przemyslaw Placheta in a tactical substitution.
87	Raphinha from Leeds had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
87	Could be a good chance here as Rodrigo from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
86	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
86	Rodrigo sees his shot deflected off target
86	Raphinha from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
85	Leeds is trying to create something here.
85	Raphinha from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
85	Ball possession: Norwich: 47%, Leeds: 53%.
84	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Danger averted there as Stuart Dallas from Leeds clears the danger with a good tackle
84	Norwich start a counter attack.
83	The referee signals a free kick as Ozan Kabak from Norwich trips Rodrigo
82	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	Raphinha from Leeds takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
81	The referee signals a free kick as Mathias Normann from Norwich trips Stuart Dallas
81	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Good effort by Raphinha as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
80	Adam Forshaw of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
80	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Ball possession: Norwich: 48%, Leeds: 52%.
80	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
79	A shot by Kenny McLean is blocked.
79	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Milot Rashica swings in a cross from the free kick.
79	Cody Drameh commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
79	The referee signals a free kick as Cody Drameh from Leeds trips Milot Rashica
78	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Leeds with a clear defensive substitution as Daniel James comes off for the more defensively minded Adam Forshaw
77	Daniel James is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Forshaw in a tactical substitution.
77	Joshua Sargent is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Idah in a tactical substitution.
76	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
76	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	The referee signals a free kick as Joshua Sargent from Norwich trips Kalvin Phillips
75	Ball possession: Norwich: 49%, Leeds: 51%.
75	Goal kick for Norwich.
74	Raphinha from Leeds sends an effort wide of target
74	Jack Harrison of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
74	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
74	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Milot Rashica takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
72	The referee signals a free kick as Liam Cooper from Leeds trips Teemu Pukki
72	Jack Harrison could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
71	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Jamie Shackleton is injured and is replaced by Cody Drameh.
71	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
71	Mathias Normann from Norwich crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
70	Jamie Shackleton comes back onto the field.
70	The game is restarted.
70	Ball possession: Norwich: 48%, Leeds: 52%.
70	Jamie Shackleton is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
69	Jamie Shackleton is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
69	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
69	Kieran Dowell is leaving the field to be replaced by Christos Tzolis in a tactical substitution.
68	Kieran Dowell from Norwich takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
67	Yellow card for Jamie Shackleton.
67	The referee signals a free kick as Jamie Shackleton from Leeds trips Milot Rashica
67	Rodrigo from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
67	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Teemu Pukki from Norwich passes the ball, but his teammate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
67	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
66	Jamie Shackleton from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but Tim Krul runs out to collect the ball
66	Kalvin Phillips from Leeds chips the ball into the penalty box.
66	Jack Harrison goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
66	Jack Harrison from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	A shot by Stuart Dallas is blocked.
66	Raphinha of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
65	The referee signals a free kick as Milot Rashica from Norwich trips Raphinha
65	Ball possession: Norwich: 48%, Leeds: 52%.
64	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Kenny McLean sends a header towards goal, but Illan Meslier is there to comfortably save it
63	Milot Rashica from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
63	Kenny McLean sees his shot deflected off target
63	Mathias Normann from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
62	Daniel James from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
62	Leeds is trying to create something here.
61	Norwich is in control of the ball.
60	Kalvin Phillips provided the assist for the goal.
60	GOOOOOAAL! - Rodrigo from Leeds beats the keeper from outside the box with the left foot!
60	Kalvin Phillips of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
60	Ball possession: Norwich: 47%, Leeds: 53%.
59	The game is restarted.
59	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
58	Milot Rashica provided the assist for the goal.
58	GOOOOOAAL! - Andrew Omobamidele from Norwich heads the ball home!
58	Milot Rashica from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
57	Poor play by Illan Meslier as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
57	Norwich is in control of the ball.
56	Daniel James provided the assist for the goal.
56	GOOOOOAAL! - Raphinha scores with the left foot!
56	Great skill from Raphinha as he dribbles past his opponents
56	Daniel James of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
56	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
56	Milot Rashica from Norwich sends a deflected cross into the box.
55	Ball possession: Norwich: 47%, Leeds: 53%.
55	Jamie Shackleton is penalised for pushing Milot Rashica.
55	Raphinha from Leeds sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
55	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
54	Kalvin Phillips is penalised for pushing Joshua Sargent.
54	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	Ozan Kabak relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Jack Harrison from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
53	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	A shot by Stuart Dallas is blocked.
51	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Grant Hanley is penalised for pushing Illan Meslier.
50	Milot Rashica sends a direct free kick on target, but the keeper saves it.
50	Ball possession: Norwich: 48%, Leeds: 52%.
49	Liam Cooper is penalised for pushing Teemu Pukki.
49	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Dangerous challenge by Jack Harrison from Leeds. Max Aarons on the receiving end of that.
48	Kieran Dowell is penalised for pushing Jamie Shackleton.
47	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Kenny McLean commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
46	Dangerous challenge by Kenny McLean from Norwich. Illan Meslier on the receiving end of that.
46	Leeds is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
47	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Norwich: 51%, Leeds: 49%.
46	Kieran Dowell is penalised for pushing Stuart Dallas.
46	Goal kick for Leeds.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Mathias Normann fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
46	Poor play by Raphinha as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
46	Milot Rashica from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
45	Illan Meslier clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
45	Milot Rashica from Norwich tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
45	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Kieran Dowell swings in a cross from the free kick.
45	Ball possession: Norwich: 50%, Leeds: 50%.
44	After a tactical foul, Jack Harrison sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
44	The referee signals a free kick as Jack Harrison from Leeds trips Max Aarons
44	Max Aarons from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
43	Rodrigo shoots from outside the box, but Tim Krul has it under control
43	Andrew Omobamidele could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
43	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
43	A shot by Raphinha is blocked.
42	Leeds start a counter attack.
42	Kalvin Phillips is penalised for pushing Mathias Normann.
41	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
41	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
41	Leeds is in control of the ball.
41	Raphinha from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
41	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
40	Goal kick for Norwich.
40	Ball possession: Norwich: 51%, Leeds: 49%.
39	A chance presents itself to Diego Llorente from Leeds but his header goes wide
39	Raphinha swings in a cross from the free kick.
38	Ozan Kabak from Norwich commits a foul by elbowing Daniel James
38	The referee signals a free kick as Teemu Pukki from Norwich trips Jack Harrison
37	Daniel James from Leeds tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
37	Raphinha puts in a cross...
37	Leeds is trying to create something here.
37	The match is being played at a slow tempo with neither side having the upper hand
36	Norwich is in control of the ball.
36	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Norwich: 48%, Leeds: 52%.
34	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Jamie Shackleton is penalised for pushing Milot Rashica.
33	Raphinha from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
33	Leeds start a counter attack.
33	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Rodrigo commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
32	The referee signals a free kick as Rodrigo from Leeds trips Mathias Normann
31	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Raphinha from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Kenny McLean
30	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Raphinha puts in a cross...
30	Ball possession: Norwich: 45%, Leeds: 55%.
30	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Ozan Kabak relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	Raphinha puts in a cross...
29	Leeds is trying to create something here.
28	The referee signals a free kick as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds trips Milot Rashica
28	Great vision by Grant Hanley from Norwich as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
28	Raphinha from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
27	Leeds is in control of the ball.
27	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Raphinha from Leeds sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
27	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
26	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
26	Mathias Normann from Norwich tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
26	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Kieran Dowell puts in a cross...
26	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Kieran Dowell from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
25	Kieran Dowell from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
25	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	A shot by Max Aarons is blocked.
25	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
25	Ball possession: Norwich: 42%, Leeds: 58%.
24	Norwich is in control of the ball.
23	The match resumes with a drop ball.
22	Max Aarons is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
22	Diego Llorente is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
22	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
21	Stuart Dallas relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
21	The referee signals a free kick as Diego Llorente from Leeds trips Kieran Dowell
21	Goal kick for Leeds.
20	Milot Rashica from Norwich crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
20	Poor play by Jamie Shackleton as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
20	Kieran Dowell from Norwich crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
20	Ball possession: Norwich: 39%, Leeds: 61%.
19	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
18	Joshua Sargent puts in a cross...
18	Could be a good chance here as Andrew Omobamidele from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
18	Andrew Omobamidele from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
17	Rodrigo from Leeds had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
17	Raphinha of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
17	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
17	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
16	Raphinha from Leeds makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
16	Leeds is trying to create something here.
15	Kieran Dowell is penalised for pushing Stuart Dallas.
15	Ball possession: Norwich: 44%, Leeds: 56%.
15	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
14	Kieran Dowell goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
13	Kalvin Phillips from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ozan Kabak
13	Goal kick for Leeds.
12	Teemu Pukki from Norwich sends an effort wide of target
12	Poor play by Daniel James as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
12	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
12	The referee signals a free kick as Diego Llorente from Leeds trips Teemu Pukki
12	The referee signals a free kick as Mathias Normann from Norwich trips Rodrigo
12	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Mathias Normann comes back onto the field.
11	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
11	The game is restarted.
10	Mathias Normann is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
10	Ball possession: Norwich: 43%, Leeds: 57%.
9	Mathias Normann is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
9	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
9	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	The referee signals a free kick as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds trips Joshua Sargent
8	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Great defending by Grant Hanley from Norwich to prevent his team conceding a goal.
8	Daniel James gets a finish in but his shot is hacked off the goal line!
8	Could be a good chance here as Stuart Dallas from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
7	Leeds is trying to create something here.
6	Dangerous challenge by Raphinha from Leeds. Ozan Kabak on the receiving end of that.
6	Raphinha from Leeds tries to play a 1-2 with Jack Harrison, but the ball is intercepted.
6	Leeds is in control of the ball.
5	The referee signals a free kick as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds trips Mathias Normann
5	Ball possession: Norwich: 57%, Leeds: 43%.
4	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Norwich is in control of the ball.
3	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Kieran Dowell from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
3	Ozan Kabak from Norwich sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
3	Ozan Kabak from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
2	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Raphinha is penalised for pushing Andrew Omobamidele.
1	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Norwich kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Carrow Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Manchester United with a deserved victory after a fine display
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 60356.
93	Ball possession: Tottenham: 58%, Manchester United: 42%.
92	Yellow card for Cristian Romero.
92	Dangerous challenge by Cristian Romero from Tottenham. Marcus Rashford on the receiving end of that.
92	Raphael Varane relieves the pressure with a clearance
92	Heung-Min Son puts in a cross...
91	Jesse Lingard is penalised for pushing Heung-Min Son.
91	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Scott McTominay relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg puts in a cross...
90	Luke Shaw relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham sends a deflected cross into the box.
90	Ball possession: Tottenham: 57%, Manchester United: 43%.
90	Nemanja Matic relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
89	Dele Alli from Tottenham sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
89	Emerson from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
88	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
88	Victor Lindelof clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
88	The Tottenham fans have had enough. They are leaving the stadium.
86	Nemanja Matic provided the assist for the goal.
86	GOOOOOAAL! - Marcus Rashford scores with the right foot!
86	CHANCE! Marcus Rashford finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
86	Could be a good chance here as Nemanja Matic from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
86	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
86	Harry Kane from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
85	Harry Kane from Tottenham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
85	Raphael Varane relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Ben Davies puts in a cross...
85	Raphael Varane relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Emerson puts in a cross...
85	Ball possession: Tottenham: 56%, Manchester United: 44%.
84	Safe hands from David De Gea as he comes out and claims the ball
84	Emerson sends a long ball upfield.
84	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
83	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
83	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
83	A shot by Harry Kane is blocked.
83	Steven Bergwijn puts in a cross...
82	The game is restarted.
82	Edinson Cavani is injured and is replaced by Jesse Lingard.
81	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
81	Heung-Min Son fouls Marcus Rashford.
81	Emerson from Tottenham tries to play a 1-2 with Heung-Min Son, but the ball is intercepted.
81	Ball possession: Tottenham: 57%, Manchester United: 43%.
80	Oh no. From a promising position Dele Alli from Tottenham miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
80	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
80	Emerson from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
80	The referee signals a free kick as Fred from Manchester United trips Steven Bergwijn
79	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
78	Ben Davies from Tottenham is booked after several commited fouls.
78	The referee signals a free kick as Ben Davies from Tottenham trips Scott McTominay
78	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
77	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
76	Bruno Fernandes is leaving the field to be replaced by Nemanja Matic in a tactical substitution.
76	The referee signals a free kick as Harry Kane from Tottenham trips Scott McTominay
75	Harry Kane from Tottenham makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
75	Tottenham start a counter attack.
75	Edinson Cavani could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
75	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
75	Bruno Fernandes relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
74	Ben Davies from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
74	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Eric Dier from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
73	Yellow card for Fred.
73	The referee signals a free kick as Fred from Manchester United trips Steven Bergwijn
73	Giovani Lo Celso is leaving the field to be replaced by Dele Alli in a tactical substitution.
72	Reckless challenge there. Ben Davies commits a rough foul on Aaron Wan-Bissaka
72	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Cristiano Ronaldo is leaving the field to be replaced by Marcus Rashford in a tactical substitution.
70	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Raphael Varane relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Giovani Lo Celso puts in a cross...
70	Ball possession: Tottenham: 54%, Manchester United: 46%.
70	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
69	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
69	Eric Dier could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
69	Luke Shaw relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Ben Davies puts in a cross...
68	Edinson Cavani fouls Cristian Romero.
67	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham is ruled offside.
67	Bruno Fernandes relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Heung-Min Son swings in a cross from the free kick.
66	Oliver Skipp is leaving the field to be replaced by Tanguy Ndombele in a tactical substitution.
66	Fred is penalised for pushing Steven Bergwijn.
65	Ball possession: Tottenham: 52%, Manchester United: 48%.
64	Cristiano Ronaldo provided the assist for the goal.
64	GOOOOOAAL! - An excellent lob by Edinson Cavani from Manchester United with the right foot.
64	Could be a good chance here as Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
64	Manchester United start a counter attack.
64	Oliver Skipp could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
63	The referee signals a free kick as Steven Bergwijn from Tottenham trips Scott McTominay
63	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Emerson from Tottenham crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
61	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	Emerson from Tottenham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
60	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
60	Edinson Cavani from Manchester United crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
60	Ball possession: Tottenham: 52%, Manchester United: 48%.
59	The referee signals a free kick as Scott McTominay from Manchester United trips Giovani Lo Celso
59	Goal kick for Manchester United.
58	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
58	Heung-Min Son puts in a cross...
58	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham tries to play a 1-2 with Giovani Lo Celso, but the ball is intercepted.
58	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
57	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Ben Davies from Tottenham is ruled offside.
55	Ball possession: Tottenham: 53%, Manchester United: 47%.
55	Edinson Cavani relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Emerson puts in a cross...
55	Scott McTominay relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
54	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
54	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Lucas Moura is leaving the field to be replaced by Steven Bergwijn in a tactical substitution.
53	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
52	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
52	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
51	Tottenham start a counter attack.
51	The referee signals a free kick as Emerson from Tottenham trips Luke Shaw
51	Victor Lindelof from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
50	Ball possession: Tottenham: 53%, Manchester United: 47%.
50	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham trips Fred
50	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Scott McTominay fouls Giovani Lo Celso.
49	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
49	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
48	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United is ruled offside.
48	Could be a good chance here as Scott McTominay from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
47	Goal kick for Manchester United.
47	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham sends an effort wide of target
47	Lucas Moura of Tottenham passes the ball to a team mate.
47	David De Gea could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
47	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
46	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Tottenham: 51%, Manchester United: 49%.
47	Edinson Cavani from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Goal kick for Manchester United.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	A chance presents itself to Ben Davies from Tottenham but his header goes wide
45	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
45	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
45	Ball possession: Tottenham: 51%, Manchester United: 49%.
45	Goal kick for Manchester United.
44	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
44	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
44	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
43	The game is restarted.
42	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
42	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United commits a foul by elbowing Cristian Romero
42	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
41	Ball possession: Tottenham: 50%, Manchester United: 50%.
40	Manchester United managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
39	Bruno Fernandes provided the assist for the goal.
39	GOOOOOAAL! - Cristiano Ronaldo volleys the ball into the back of the net with the right. A great finish!
39	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United puts in a great cross...
39	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
39	A shot by Cristiano Ronaldo is blocked.
39	A shot by Aaron Wan-Bissaka is blocked.
39	Luke Shaw puts in a cross...
39	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
37	Scott McTominay is penalised for pushing Giovani Lo Celso.
37	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
36	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham is ruled offside.
35	Could be a good chance here as Harry Kane from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
35	Ball possession: Tottenham: 54%, Manchester United: 46%.
34	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
33	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
33	Lucas Moura relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Luke Shaw from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
33	It's a good hit from long range by Fred who forces a save from Hugo Lloris. Corner kick.
33	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
32	The ref blows his whistle. Eric Dier charged Cristiano Ronaldo from behind and it's a free-kick
32	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
31	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
31	Aaron Wan-Bissaka puts in a cross...
31	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Cristiano Ronaldo puts in a cross...
30	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
30	Ball possession: Tottenham: 54%, Manchester United: 46%.
30	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
29	Cristian Romero from Tottenham is ruled offside.
28	Cristian Romero has a headed goal disallowed!
27	Eric Dier from Tottenham heads the ball to a team mate.
27	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
27	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
27	Emerson from Tottenham sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
27	Heung-Min Son of Tottenham passes the ball to a team mate.
26	Fred fouls Emerson.
26	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
25	Ball possession: Tottenham: 58%, Manchester United: 42%.
25	A chance presents itself to Edinson Cavani from Manchester United but his header goes wide
25	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
25	Luke Shaw sends a long ball upfield.
25	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
24	Goal kick for Manchester United.
24	How did he miss that? Heung-Min Son has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
24	Lucas Moura from Tottenham chips the ball into the penalty box.
24	Giovani Lo Celso takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
22	Yellow card for Harry Maguire.
22	Harry Maguire is penalised for pushing Giovani Lo Celso.
22	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
22	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
21	Bruno Fernandes relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
21	Ben Davies from Tottenham sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
20	Lucas Moura of Tottenham passes the ball to a team mate.
20	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Tottenham: 53%, Manchester United: 47%.
19	Yellow card for Luke Shaw.
19	Luke Shaw from Manchester United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Lucas Moura
18	Ben Davies from Tottenham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Aaron Wan-Bissaka
18	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
17	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
17	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Dangerous challenge by Harry Kane from Tottenham. Raphael Varane on the receiving end of that.
15	Ball possession: Tottenham: 60%, Manchester United: 40%.
15	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Victor Lindelof relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Heung-Min Son puts in a cross...
14	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
14	Luke Shaw fouls Lucas Moura.
13	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
13	Oh no. From a promising position Fred from Manchester United miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
13	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Luke Shaw puts in a cross...
12	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Lucas Moura from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
11	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
10	Luke Shaw is penalised for pushing Emerson.
10	Ball possession: Tottenham: 62%, Manchester United: 38%.
10	Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
9	A shot by Scott McTominay is blocked.
9	A shot by Edinson Cavani is blocked.
9	Aaron Wan-Bissaka of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
8	The referee signals a free kick as Cristian Romero from Tottenham trips Cristiano Ronaldo
8	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
8	A chance presents itself to Edinson Cavani from Manchester United but his header goes wide
8	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
8	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
7	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
7	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
7	Cristiano Ronaldo relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
6	Heung-Min Son sees his shot deflected off target
6	Emerson from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
6	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
5	Ball possession: Tottenham: 50%, Manchester United: 50%.
5	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
4	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
3	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
2	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
2	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
1	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Manchester United kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Aaron Ramsdale from Arsenal is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 32209.
96	Ball possession: Leicester: 65%, Arsenal: 35%.
95	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
95	Luke Thomas puts in a cross...
94	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	The referee signals a free kick as Nuno Tavares from Arsenal trips Ademola Lookman
91	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Leicester: 65%, Arsenal: 35%.
90	Nuno Tavares is penalised for pushing Timothy Castagne.
90	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
90	Emile Smith-Rowe is leaving the field to be replaced by Sead Kolasinac in a tactical substitution.
89	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Harvey Barnes puts in a cross...
87	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	That's a great ball by Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
86	Arsenal start a counter attack.
86	Youri Tielemans from Leicester takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
86	Thomas is penalised for pushing Patson Daka.
86	Leicester is in control of the ball.
85	Goal kick for Arsenal.
85	Ball possession: Leicester: 63%, Arsenal: 37%.
85	Bukayo Saka is leaving the field to be replaced by Nicolas Pepe in a tactical substitution.
84	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Nuno Tavares relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Youri Tielemans from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
83	Youri Tielemans sees his shot deflected off target
83	Ademola Lookman from Leicester passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
83	Martin Oedegaard comes back onto the field.
83	The game is restarted.
83	Martin Oedegaard is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
82	Martin Oedegaard is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
81	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
81	A shot by Jamie Vardy is blocked.
81	Harvey Barnes of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
81	Thomas from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
81	Arsenal start a counter attack.
81	Ademola Lookman from Leicester makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
81	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Patson Daka from Leicester tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
80	Ball possession: Leicester: 62%, Arsenal: 38%.
80	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
80	Youri Tielemans from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
79	Harvey Barnes forces a good save from Aaron Ramsdale who turns the ball behind for a corner!
79	Jamie Vardy of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
79	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Jamie Vardy relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Emile Smith-Rowe swings in a cross from the free kick.
77	The referee signals a free kick as Ademola Lookman from Leicester trips Albert Sambi Lokonga
76	Ball possession: Leicester: 64%, Arsenal: 36%.
76	The game is restarted.
75	Ben White is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
75	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
75	Yellow card for Jamie Vardy.
75	Reckless challenge there. Jamie Vardy commits a rough foul on Ben White
75	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
74	What a miss! Harvey Barnes has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
74	Youri Tielemans puts in a cross...
73	Takehiro Tomiyasu is penalised for pushing Harvey Barnes.
73	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
73	Could be a good chance here as Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
73	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
72	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Ball possession: Leicester: 63%, Arsenal: 37%.
71	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
71	Bukayo Saka goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
71	Martin Oedegaard of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
71	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
71	James Maddison is leaving the field to be replaced by Patson Daka in a tactical substitution.
71	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal is ruled offside.
70	A shot by Bukayo Saka is blocked.
70	Martin Oedegaard of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
70	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
70	Thomas is penalised for pushing Youri Tielemans.
70	Kasper Schmeichel saved a certain goal there! Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang found himself in a great scoring position but Kasper Schmeichel denied him with a great save
70	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
70	Timothy Castagne clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
69	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal makes a great pass and space opens up...
69	Bukayo Saka swings in a cross from the free kick.
68	After a tactical foul, Jonny Evans sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
68	Jonny Evans is penalised for pushing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
68	Goal kick for Arsenal.
67	A chance presents itself to Jamie Vardy from Leicester but his header goes wide
67	Youri Tielemans puts in a cross...
67	Albert Sambi Lokonga relieves the pressure with a clearance
67	Luke Thomas puts in a cross...
67	Leicester is trying to create something here.
66	Harvey Barnes shoots from outside the box, but Aaron Ramsdale has it under control
65	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Ademola Lookman puts in a cross...
65	The referee signals a free kick as Nuno Tavares from Arsenal trips Ademola Lookman
65	Ball possession: Leicester: 65%, Arsenal: 35%.
64	James Maddison relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Bukayo Saka swings in a cross from the free kick.
64	Boubakary Soumare is penalised for pushing Martin Oedegaard.
63	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Caglar Soyuncu is penalised for pushing Albert Sambi Lokonga.
62	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
62	Should have been a goal! Harvey Barnes gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Aaron Ramsdale!
62	Poor play by Ben White as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
62	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	The game is restarted.
61	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
61	Dangerous challenge by Jonny Evans from Leicester. Aaron Ramsdale on the receiving end of that.
61	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
61	James Maddison puts in a cross...
61	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
60	Youri Tielemans from Leicester sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
60	Timothy Castagne from Leicester makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
60	Ball possession: Leicester: 64%, Arsenal: 36%.
60	Jonny Evans from Leicester tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	James Maddison from Leicester sends a deflected cross into the box.
59	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
59	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
59	Ademola Lookman forces a good save from Aaron Ramsdale who turns the ball behind for a corner!
59	Jamie Vardy from Leicester find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
58	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
58	Alexandre Lacazette is leaving the field to be replaced by Martin Oedegaard in a tactical substitution.
57	Youri Tielemans from Leicester tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
57	Caglar Soyuncu from Leicester tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	James Maddison swings in a cross from the free kick.
57	The referee signals a free kick as Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal trips Boubakary Soumare
56	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
56	Luke Thomas puts in a cross...
56	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
56	Ball possession: Leicester: 64%, Arsenal: 36%.
56	Thomas clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
55	Timothy Castagne from Leicester sends a deflected cross into the box.
55	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is penalised for pushing Jonny Evans.
55	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
55	Luke Thomas from Leicester sends a shot inches wide of the post. Close!
55	Youri Tielemans carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
54	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
53	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
53	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
53	Harvey Barnes goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
52	Jamie Vardy puts in a cross...
52	Could be a good chance here as James Maddison from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
52	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Goal kick for Arsenal.
51	Harvey Barnes from Leicester crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
50	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Harvey Barnes puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Leicester: 63%, Arsenal: 37%.
50	Jamie Vardy from Leicester sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
50	Could be a good chance here as Boubakary Soumare from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
50	Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
49	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
49	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
48	Timothy Castagne relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
48	Nuno Tavares sees his shot deflected off target
48	Bukayo Saka of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
48	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
47	Danger averted there as Jonny Evans from Leicester clears the danger with a good tackle
47	Could be a good chance here as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
47	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
46	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Daniel Amartey is leaving the field to be replaced by Harvey Barnes in a tactical substitution.
46	Kelechi Iheanacho is leaving the field to be replaced by Ademola Lookman in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Leicester: 63%, Arsenal: 37%.
47	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Goal kick for Leicester.
46	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Goal kick for Arsenal.
45	That's a great ball by Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
45	Ball possession: Leicester: 61%, Arsenal: 39%.
45	Takehiro Tomiyasu is penalised for pushing James Maddison.
45	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Leicester is in control of the ball.
43	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Aaron Ramsdale from Arsenal makes a great save.
43	Jonny Evans has a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind for a corner kick by the keeper!
43	A direct free kick from James Maddison is blocked by the keeper and goes back into play.
41	Ben White is penalised for pushing James Maddison.
41	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
41	That's a great ball by Thomas from Arsenal. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
40	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
40	Ball possession: Leicester: 64%, Arsenal: 36%.
39	Youri Tielemans shoots from outside the box, but Aaron Ramsdale has it under control
39	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	The game is in a period of relative inactivity, with neither side able to apply pressure.
37	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
36	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Leicester is in control of the ball.
35	The referee signals a free kick as Timothy Castagne from Leicester trips Nuno Tavares
35	Ball possession: Leicester: 61%, Arsenal: 39%.
34	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
33	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
33	Leicester is in control of the ball.
32	The referee signals a free kick as Caglar Soyuncu from Leicester trips Alexandre Lacazette
31	Great defending by Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal to prevent his team conceding a goal.
31	James Maddison from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
31	Leicester is in control of the ball.
31	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
30	Takehiro Tomiyasu puts in a cross...
30	Ball possession: Leicester: 58%, Arsenal: 42%.
30	Jamie Vardy from Leicester is ruled offside.
29	Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester is ruled offside.
28	Nuno Tavares relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
28	It's a good hit from long range by Kelechi Iheanacho who forces a save from Aaron Ramsdale. Corner kick.
27	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Youri Tielemans from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
26	Leicester is trying to create something here.
25	Timothy Castagne from Leicester passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
25	Ball possession: Leicester: 46%, Arsenal: 54%.
24	Gabriel comes back onto the field.
23	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	The game is restarted.
23	Gabriel is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
22	Gabriel is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
22	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
21	Leicester is trying to create something here.
20	Ball possession: Leicester: 48%, Arsenal: 52%.
20	Great vision by Caglar Soyuncu from Leicester as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
20	Arsenal start a counter attack.
19	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	Leicester is in control of the ball.
18	GOOOOOAAL! - Emile Smith-Rowe finds the net with the right foot!
18	Poor play by Luke Thomas as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
18	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
17	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
16	Bukayo Saka puts in a cross...
16	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
16	Luke Thomas clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
16	Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
16	Nuno Tavares of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
16	Great skill from Nuno Tavares as he dribbles past his opponents
15	Ball possession: Leicester: 49%, Arsenal: 51%.
15	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	Kelechi Iheanacho relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
13	Albert Sambi Lokonga sees his shot deflected off target
13	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
13	James Maddison from Leicester chips the ball into the penalty box.
13	James Maddison takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
11	Ball possession: Leicester: 50%, Arsenal: 50%.
11	The referee signals a free kick as Ben White from Arsenal trips James Maddison
11	Great skill from James Maddison as he dribbles past his opponents
11	Thomas shoots from outside the box, but Kasper Schmeichel has it under control
11	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
10	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
10	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
10	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
10	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Daniel Amartey relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal chips the ball into the penalty box.
9	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	Goal kick for Arsenal.
8	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
8	Leicester is in control of the ball.
7	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Good effort by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
7	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
6	Daniel Amartey could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
6	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Ball possession: Leicester: 25%, Arsenal: 75%.
5	Bukayo Saka provided the assist for the goal.
5	GOOOOOAAL! - Gabriel from Arsenal heads the ball home!
5	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
5	Boubakary Soumare comes back onto the field.
5	Poor play by Jamie Vardy as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
4	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
4	The game is restarted.
4	Boubakary Soumare is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
4	Boubakary Soumare is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
4	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
3	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
3	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
2	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
2	Poor play by Daniel Amartey as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
1	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
1	Some neat football here as Bukayo Saka from Arsenal plays a 1-2 with Alexandre Lacazette.
1	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Arsenal kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to King Power Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
94	Liverpool with a deserved victory after a fine display
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 73088.
94	Ball possession: Manchester United: 36%, Liverpool: 64%.
93	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
93	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United sends an effort wide of target
93	A shot by Cristiano Ronaldo is blocked.
93	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
92	Curtis Jones is penalised for pushing Fred.
92	A shot by Curtis Jones is blocked.
92	Could be a good chance here as Mohamed Salah from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
92	Liverpool start a counter attack.
92	Scott McTominay from Manchester United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
91	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
91	Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
91	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	The ref blows his whistle. Victor Lindelof charged Diogo Jota from behind and it's a free-kick
90	Ball possession: Manchester United: 37%, Liverpool: 63%.
89	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
89	Edinson Cavani from Manchester United is ruled offside.
89	Fred from Manchester United crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
88	Manchester United start a counter attack.
88	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
87	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
87	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
87	The game is restarted.
86	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
86	The match is being overshadowed by some very harsh play from both sides
86	Yellow card for Aaron Wan-Bissaka.
86	Reckless challenge there. Aaron Wan-Bissaka commits a rough foul on Diogo Jota
86	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
85	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
85	Ball possession: Manchester United: 38%, Liverpool: 62%.
84	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
84	Jordan Henderson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
83	Edinson Cavani has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
83	Scott McTominay from Manchester United heads the ball to a team mate.
83	Diogo Dalot swings in a cross from the free kick.
82	Obstruction as Andrew Robertson cuts off the run of Aaron Wan-Bissaka. A free-kick is awarded.
82	The referee signals a free kick as Diogo Jota from Liverpool trips Fred
82	A shot by Diogo Jota is blocked.
81	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
81	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool sends a deflected cross into the box.
81	A shot by Sadio Mane is blocked.
81	Jordan Henderson sends a long ball upfield.
80	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
80	Edinson Cavani from Manchester United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ibrahima Konate
80	Ball possession: Manchester United: 41%, Liverpool: 59%.
79	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
79	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
78	Liverpool are satisfied with the result up to the point.
78	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
77	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
77	Roberto Firmino is leaving the field to be replaced by Sadio Mane in a tactical substitution.
76	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
75	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
75	Ball possession: Manchester United: 43%, Liverpool: 57%.
74	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Scott McTominay relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Mohamed Salah puts in a cross...
74	Could be a good chance here as Diogo Jota from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
73	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Great vision by Ibrahima Konate from Liverpool as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
73	Manchester United start a counter attack.
73	The match is very one-sided right now. Liverpool are clearly dominating possession
72	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
72	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
71	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool takes a short corner kick from the left.
71	It's a good hit from long range by Trent Alexander-Arnold who forces a save from David De Gea. Corner kick.
70	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
70	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
70	Ball possession: Manchester United: 48%, Liverpool: 52%.
69	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
69	Diogo Jota from Liverpool had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
69	Could be a good chance here as Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
68	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
68	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Manchester United has resigned and is just waiting for the referee to finish the match.
67	Diogo Jota from Liverpool crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
67	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
67	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
66	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
66	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
66	Goal kick for Manchester United.
65	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
65	Could be a good chance here as Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
65	Ball possession: Manchester United: 50%, Liverpool: 50%.
64	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
64	The game is restarted.
64	Naby Keita is injured and is replaced by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.
62	Marcus Rashford is leaving the field to be replaced by Diogo Dalot in a tactical substitution.
62	Bruno Fernandes is leaving the field to be replaced by Edinson Cavani in a tactical substitution.
61	The Manchester United fans have had enough. They are leaving the stadium.
60	SENT OFF! - After a serious foul Paul Pogba is dismissed!
60	RED-CARD! - After reviewing the game, the referee decides to change the originally given yellow card for Paul Pogba from Manchester United to a red card.
60	Ball possession: Manchester United: 49%, Liverpool: 51%.
59	Naby Keita is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
59	VAR - CARD ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential card situation.
59	The card for Paul Pogba from Manchester United was disallowed via VAR intervention
59	Reckless challenge there. Paul Pogba commits a rough foul on Naby Keita
59	Paul Pogba from Manchester United takes a short corner kick from the right.
59	Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
58	Ibrahima Konate relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
58	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
58	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
57	Safe hands from David De Gea as he comes out and claims the ball
57	Roberto Firmino from Liverpool sends a deflected cross into the box.
57	Aaron Wan-Bissaka relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
56	Curtis Jones from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
56	A shot by Mohamed Salah is blocked.
55	Ball possession: Manchester United: 49%, Liverpool: 51%.
55	After a tactical foul, Harry Maguire sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
54	The referee signals a free kick as Harry Maguire from Manchester United trips Diogo Jota
54	Curtis Jones from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Liverpool start a counter attack.
54	The referee signals a free kick as Curtis Jones from Liverpool trips Paul Pogba
53	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for Manchester United is revoked due to offside.
53	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
52	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United is ruled offside.
52	GOOOOOAAL!! Manchester United score! Cristiano Ronaldo is on the scoresheet.
52	Could be a good chance here as Harry Maguire from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
52	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Paul Pogba from Manchester United directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
52	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
51	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United is ruled offside.
50	Ball possession: Manchester United: 47%, Liverpool: 53%.
50	Thats the third goal by Mohamed Salah. He walks off with the ball as a reminder of his glorious hattrick.
50	Jordan Henderson provided the assist for the goal.
50	GOOOOOAAL! - Mohamed Salah scores with the left foot!
50	CHANCE! Mohamed Salah finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
49	Jordan Henderson carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
49	Liverpool start a counter attack.
49	Ball possession: Manchester United: 48%, Liverpool: 52%.
49	The ref blows his whistle. Naby Keita charged Bruno Fernandes from behind and it's a free-kick
49	Diogo Jota from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Aaron Wan-Bissaka
48	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	The match resumes with a drop ball.
47	The play is stopped for a brief moment, as the ball was touched by the referee.
47	Paul Pogba from Manchester United concedes a foul on Roberto Firmino but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
47	Goal kick for Manchester United.
47	A chance presents itself to Roberto Firmino from Liverpool but his header goes wide
47	Trent Alexander-Arnold swings in a cross from the free kick.
46	Yellow card for Bruno Fernandes.
46	Dangerous challenge by Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United. Curtis Jones on the receiving end of that.
46	Mason Greenwood is leaving the field to be replaced by Paul Pogba in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
51	It was a glorious performance by Liverpool, and their fans have something to cheer about during the HalfTime.
51	It's over! The referee blows for half time
51	Ball possession: Manchester United: 48%, Liverpool: 52%.
51	A wonderful team goal!
50	Diogo Jota provided the assist for the goal.
50	GOOOOOAAL! - Mohamed Salah scores with the left foot!
50	Diogo Jota from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box.
50	Andrew Robertson of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
50	Naby Keita comes back onto the field.
49	The game is restarted.
49	Naby Keita is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
48	Naby Keita is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
48	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
48	Yellow card for Fred.
48	Dangerous challenge by Fred from Manchester United. Naby Keita on the receiving end of that.
48	The game is restarted.
48	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
47	VAR - CARD ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential card situation.
46	The referee shows Cristiano Ronaldo the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
46	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
46	Dangerous challenge by Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United. Curtis Jones on the receiving end of that.
46	Cristiano Ronaldo releases a shot, it's parried by Alisson Becker but he can't hold onto it...
46	Could be a good chance here as Mason Greenwood from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
46	Manchester United start a counter attack.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Diogo Jota of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
45	Liverpool start a counter attack.
45	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
45	Great skill from Marcus Rashford as he dribbles past his opponents
45	Luke Shaw from Manchester United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
45	Ball possession: Manchester United: 49%, Liverpool: 51%.
45	Naby Keita from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Scott McTominay
44	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
43	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United is ruled offside.
42	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	After a tactical foul, Luke Shaw sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
41	Luke Shaw from Manchester United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Mohamed Salah
40	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United is ruled offside.
40	Could be a good chance here as Mason Greenwood from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
40	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
40	Ball possession: Manchester United: 46%, Liverpool: 54%.
39	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
38	Naby Keita provided the assist for the goal.
38	GOOOOOAAL! - Mohamed Salah scores with the right foot!
38	Naby Keita from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box.
38	A shot by Mohamed Salah is blocked.
38	Diogo Jota from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box.
38	Ibrahima Konate from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
37	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
37	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
36	Good effort by Marcus Rashford as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
36	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United chips the ball into the penalty box.
36	Manchester United start a counter attack.
36	Goal kick for Liverpool.
35	Ball possession: Manchester United: 49%, Liverpool: 51%.
35	Luke Shaw from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
35	Harry Maguire from Manchester United heads the ball to a team mate.
35	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
35	Luke Shaw from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
34	Andrew Robertson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
34	Marcus Rashford puts in a cross...
33	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United is ruled offside.
33	Roberto Firmino from Liverpool commits a foul by elbowing Scott McTominay
33	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
33	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
32	Mohamed Salah releases a shot, it's parried by David De Gea but he can't hold onto it...
32	CHANCE! Mohamed Salah finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
32	Marcus Rashford could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
32	Roberto Firmino from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
32	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
31	Roberto Firmino from Liverpool sends an effort wide of target
31	Naby Keita fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
31	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
31	A shot by Jordan Henderson is blocked.
30	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
30	Diogo Jota of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
30	Roberto Firmino relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Luke Shaw from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
30	Ball possession: Manchester United: 49%, Liverpool: 51%.
29	Mason Greenwood forces a good save from Alisson Becker who turns the ball behind for a corner!
29	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
28	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
28	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
27	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	The match resumes with a drop ball.
27	James Milner is injured and is replaced by Curtis Jones.
25	James Milner is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
25	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
25	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
25	Luke Shaw puts in a cross...
25	Ball possession: Manchester United: 52%, Liverpool: 48%.
25	Diogo Jota relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Luke Shaw puts in a cross...
24	Ibrahima Konate relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Cristiano Ronaldo puts in a cross...
24	Manchester United start a counter attack.
24	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
23	Fred from Manchester United directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
23	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
23	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
22	Luke Shaw fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
22	Ibrahima Konate relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Luke Shaw puts in a cross...
22	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
21	Naby Keita comes back onto the field.
21	Goal kick for Liverpool.
21	The game is restarted.
20	Naby Keita is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
20	Ball possession: Manchester United: 45%, Liverpool: 55%.
20	Naby Keita is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
20	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
19	Cristiano Ronaldo goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
19	Bruno Fernandes of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
19	Ibrahima Konate relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Mason Greenwood puts in a cross...
19	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
18	That's a great ball by Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
18	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
17	Scott McTominay from Manchester United is ruled offside.
17	A chance presents itself to Harry Maguire from Manchester United but his header goes wide
17	Luke Shaw from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
16	Ibrahima Konate clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
16	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
16	Danger averted there as Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool clears the danger with a good tackle
15	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
15	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: Manchester United: 44%, Liverpool: 56%.
15	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Liverpool stands.
14	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
13	Trent Alexander-Arnold provided the assist for the goal.
13	GOOOOOAAL! - Diogo Jota from Liverpool taps the ball in with the left! An easy finish for Diogo Jota
13	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool makes a great pass and space opens up...
13	Naby Keita of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
13	Harry Maguire could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
13	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
12	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
11	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
10	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
10	Goal kick for Manchester United.
10	The game is restarted.
10	Ball possession: Manchester United: 47%, Liverpool: 53%.
10	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
9	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool sends an effort wide of target
9	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
9	Roberto Firmino sends a long ball upfield.
9	Danger averted there as Scott McTominay from Manchester United clears the danger with a good tackle
9	Liverpool start a counter attack.
8	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
8	Fred is penalised for pushing Roberto Firmino.
8	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	The match resumes with a drop ball.
7	The play is stopped for a brief moment, as the ball was touched by the referee.
7	Roberto Firmino releases a shot, it's parried by David De Gea but he can't hold onto it...
7	Naby Keita of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
7	Liverpool start a counter attack.
7	Great vision by Ibrahima Konate from Liverpool as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
7	Luke Shaw sends a long ball upfield.
6	A wonderful team goal!
5	Mohamed Salah provided the assist for the goal.
5	GOOOOOAAL! - Naby Keita scores with the right foot!
5	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool makes a great pass and space opens up...
5	Liverpool start a counter attack.
5	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
5	Ball possession: Manchester United: 49%, Liverpool: 51%.
4	Goal kick for Liverpool.
4	How did he miss that? Bruno Fernandes has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
4	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United makes a great pass and space opens up...
4	Cristiano Ronaldo of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
4	Could be a good chance here as Fred from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
3	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
2	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Safe hands from David De Gea as he comes out and claims the ball
1	Ibrahima Konate sends a long ball upfield.
1	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Liverpool kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Old Trafford, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
98	Both teams could have won today but Leicester just managed to carve out the victory
98	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
98	Today's attendance is 16814.
98	Ball possession: Brentford: 55%, Leicester: 45%.
98	Jonny Evans relieves the pressure with a clearance
98	Jannik Vestergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
98	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
97	Jonny Evans clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
97	Ivan Toney puts in a cross...
97	Goal kick for Leicester.
97	Saman Ghoddos from Brentford had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
96	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer puts in a cross...
96	Patson Daka shoots from outside the box, but David Raya has it under control
95	Youri Tielemans from Leicester takes a short corner kick from the left.
95	Ball possession: Brentford: 55%, Leicester: 45%.
95	Patson Daka has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
95	Ayoze Perez from Leicester passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
94	Pontus Jansson is penalised for pushing Ricardo Pereira.
94	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Goal kick for Leicester.
93	Ivan Toney fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
93	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 7 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Kelechi Iheanacho puts in a cross...
90	Timothy Castagne puts in a cross...
90	Ball possession: Brentford: 56%, Leicester: 44%.
90	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Marcus Forss is penalised for pushing Daniel Amartey.
88	Daniel Amartey relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
88	Goal kick for Leicester.
88	Brentford is trying to create something here.
87	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
87	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
87	Ayoze Perez comes back onto the field.
87	A shot by Christian Noergaard is blocked.
87	Rico Henry from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
86	The game is restarted.
86	Ayoze Perez is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
85	Ball possession: Brentford: 56%, Leicester: 44%.
85	Ayoze Perez is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
85	David Raya is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
84	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
84	David Raya saved a certain goal there! Ayoze Perez found himself in a great scoring position but David Raya denied him with a great save
84	Youri Tielemans from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
84	Leicester start a counter attack.
83	The referee signals a free kick as Youri Tielemans from Leicester trips Mathias Jensen
83	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
82	Kelechi Iheanacho fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
82	Leicester is trying to create something here.
82	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	Boubakary Soumare relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
80	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
80	Brentford is trying to create something here.
80	Ball possession: Brentford: 56%, Leicester: 44%.
79	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	James Maddison is leaving the field to be replaced by Ayoze Perez in a tactical substitution.
78	Leicester is in control of the ball.
76	Frank Onyeka is leaving the field to be replaced by Saman Ghoddos in a tactical substitution.
76	The referee signals a free kick as Marcus Forss from Brentford trips Ricardo Pereira
75	Ball possession: Brentford: 55%, Leicester: 45%.
74	A wonderful team goal!
73	Patson Daka provided the assist for the goal.
73	GOOOOOAAL! - James Maddison from Leicester taps the ball in with the right! An easy finish for James Maddison
73	Patson Daka of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
73	CHANCE! Patson Daka finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
73	Patson Daka from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
73	Youri Tielemans carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
73	Leicester start a counter attack.
73	Christian Noergaard from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
73	Mathias Jensen swings in a cross from the free kick.
73	The referee signals a free kick as James Maddison from Leicester trips Frank Onyeka
72	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	Christian Noergaard is penalised for pushing Jonny Evans.
71	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
71	A shot by Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer is blocked.
71	Rico Henry of Brentford passes the ball to a team mate.
71	James Maddison could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
71	Youri Tielemans relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Mathias Jensen swings in a cross from the free kick.
70	Ball possession: Brentford: 56%, Leicester: 44%.
70	Boubakary Soumare is penalised for pushing Christian Noergaard.
70	Ivan Toney from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
69	Brentford is trying to create something here.
68	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
68	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
68	Caglar Soyuncu is leaving the field to be replaced by Jannik Vestergaard in a tactical substitution.
67	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
66	Caglar Soyuncu from Leicester tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	James Maddison swings in a cross from the free kick.
66	The referee signals a free kick as Pontus Jansson from Brentford trips James Maddison
65	Timothy Castagne from Leicester tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
65	Ricardo Pereira puts in a cross...
64	Mathias Joergensen is penalised for pushing Jonny Evans.
64	Mathias Jensen swings in a cross from the free kick.
63	Yellow card for Caglar Soyuncu.
63	Reckless challenge there. Caglar Soyuncu commits a rough foul on Sergi Canos
63	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
63	A chance presents itself to Patson Daka from Leicester but his header goes wide
62	Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
62	Leicester is trying to create something here.
62	With that goal, Brentford equalised. Game on!
61	Ball possession: Brentford: 58%, Leicester: 42%.
60	Mathias Jensen provided the assist for the goal.
60	GOOOOOAAL! - Mathias Joergensen from Brentford heads the ball home!
60	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
60	Daniel Amartey clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
60	Mathias Jensen swings in a cross from the free kick.
59	The referee signals a free kick as Jonny Evans from Leicester trips Ivan Toney
58	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Mathias Joergensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
57	Bryan Mbeumo is leaving the field to be replaced by Marcus Forss in a tactical substitution.
57	It's a good hit from long range by Boubakary Soumare who forces a save from David Raya. Corner kick.
57	Boubakary Soumare from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
56	Ball possession: Brentford: 58%, Leicester: 42%.
56	Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
55	Daniel Amartey comes back onto the field.
55	Sergi Canos from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
55	Christian Noergaard puts in a cross...
55	Boubakary Soumare relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Mathias Jensen swings in a cross from the free kick.
55	The game is restarted.
54	Daniel Amartey from Leicester is leaving the pitch because his nose is bleeding.
53	Daniel Amartey is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
53	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
52	The ref blows his whistle. Daniel Amartey charged Ivan Toney from behind and it's a free-kick
51	Daniel Amartey relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
51	Sergi Canos from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
51	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Ball possession: Brentford: 58%, Leicester: 42%.
50	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Ivan Toney sends a header towards goal, but Kasper Schmeichel is there to comfortably save it
48	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
47	Oh no. From a promising position Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
47	A long range shot from James Maddison is blocked by the keeper and goes back into play.
47	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Jamie Vardy is leaving the field to be replaced by Patson Daka in a tactical substitution.
46	Ethan Pinnock is leaving the field to be replaced by Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
48	The only goal scored by Leicester gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Brentford: 64%, Leicester: 36%.
48	Jonny Evans relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
47	Jonny Evans clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
47	Ivan Toney from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
47	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester is ruled offside.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Ball possession: Brentford: 64%, Leicester: 36%.
45	Ivan Toney from Brentford is ruled offside.
45	Brentford is trying to create something here.
44	Goal kick for Leicester.
44	Brentford is trying to create something here.
43	Leicester is trying to create something here.
42	The referee signals a free kick as Caglar Soyuncu from Leicester trips Frank Onyeka
41	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Ball possession: Brentford: 65%, Leicester: 35%.
39	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
38	Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
38	Mathias Joergensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	James Maddison swings in a cross from the free kick.
37	Frank Onyeka is penalised for pushing James Maddison.
37	Goal kick for Leicester.
36	Rico Henry fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
36	Frank Onyeka from Brentford heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
36	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
36	Kasper Schmeichel from Leicester makes a great save.
36	Ivan Toney finds himself in acres of space, but his header is turned behind by the Kasper Schmeichel! Corner kick...
35	Frank Onyeka puts in a cross...
35	Ball possession: Brentford: 65%, Leicester: 35%.
35	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Ivan Toney is penalised for pushing Daniel Amartey.
33	Jonny Evans relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Frank Onyeka puts in a cross...
33	Boubakary Soumare relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
32	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
32	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Ball possession: Brentford: 66%, Leicester: 34%.
30	Yellow card for Mathias Joergensen.
30	The ref blows his whistle. Mathias Joergensen charged James Maddison from behind and it's a free-kick
30	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
30	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
30	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Ethan Pinnock comes back onto the field.
29	The game is restarted.
29	Ethan Pinnock is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
27	Ethan Pinnock is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
27	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
27	Oh no. From a promising position Frank Onyeka from Brentford miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
27	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford heads the ball to a team mate.
26	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
26	Sergi Canos from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
26	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Brentford: 64%, Leicester: 36%.
24	Mathias Jensen from Brentford is ruled offside.
24	A shot by Bryan Mbeumo is blocked.
23	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
23	Could be a good chance here as Sergi Canos from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
23	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
22	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
21	Leicester is trying to create something here.
20	Bryan Mbeumo goes for glory from long range but the keeper is equal to his shot and saves it!
20	Brentford is trying to create something here.
20	Ball possession: Brentford: 65%, Leicester: 35%.
19	The referee signals a free kick as Frank Onyeka from Brentford trips Boubakary Soumare
19	The referee signals a free kick as Frank Onyeka from Brentford trips Youri Tielemans
18	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
18	James Maddison fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
17	Leicester is trying to create something here.
17	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
17	Ball possession: Brentford: 68%, Leicester: 32%.
16	Mathias Jensen from Brentford crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
16	Jonny Evans relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
15	That goal for Leicester came against the run of play
15	A great goal by Youri Tielemans
14	GOOOOOAAL! - Youri Tielemans from Leicester scores from outside the box with the right foot!
14	Rico Henry relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	James Maddison swings in a cross from the free kick.
14	The referee signals a free kick as Rico Henry from Brentford trips Ricardo Pereira
13	The referee signals a free kick as Christian Noergaard from Brentford trips James Maddison
11	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Brentford are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
11	Ball possession: Brentford: 68%, Leicester: 32%.
10	Mathias Jensen from Brentford takes a short corner kick from the right.
10	Sergi Canos from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
10	Goal kick for Leicester.
10	How did he miss that? Bryan Mbeumo has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
10	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
10	Could be a good chance here as Ivan Toney from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
9	Brentford with a potentially dangerous attack.
9	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Brentford is trying to create something here.
7	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Ivan Toney from Brentford is ruled offside.
7	Rico Henry of Brentford passes the ball to a team mate.
6	Brentford with a potentially dangerous attack.
6	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
6	Ball possession: Brentford: 92%, Leicester: 8%.
6	Mathias Jensen from Brentford crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
5	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
4	What a miss! Pontus Jansson has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
4	Christian Noergaard from Brentford heads the ball to a team mate.
3	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
3	Mathias Jensen from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
3	Mathias Jensen from Brentford takes a short corner kick from the right.
3	Christian Noergaard has a great chance to score, but his acrobatic effort is turned behind by Kasper Schmeichel! It's a corner...
2	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
1	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Brentford kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Brentford Community Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Both teams could have won today but West Ham just managed to carve out the victory
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 59924.
94	Ball possession: West Ham: 37%, Tottenham: 63%.
93	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Declan Rice from West Ham is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
92	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Lucas Moura is leaving the field to be replaced by Steven Bergwijn in a tactical substitution.
91	Jarrod Bowen is leaving the field to be replaced by Craig Dawson in a tactical substitution.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Lucas Moura from Tottenham trips Pablo Fornals
90	Ball possession: West Ham: 37%, Tottenham: 63%.
89	The referee signals a free kick as Michail Antonio from West Ham trips Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg
88	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	West Ham start a counter attack.
87	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
87	Kurt Zouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Heung-Min Son puts in a cross...
86	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
85	Pablo Fornals relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
85	Ball possession: West Ham: 39%, Tottenham: 61%.
85	Said Benrahma is leaving the field to be replaced by Manuel Lanzini in a tactical substitution.
84	Tanguy Ndombele is leaving the field to be replaced by Giovani Lo Celso in a tactical substitution.
84	Sergio Reguilon is leaving the field to be replaced by Bryan Gil in a tactical substitution.
83	Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
83	Tottenham start a counter attack.
83	A shot from Said Benrahma is parried by the keeper and goes back into play.
83	Could be a good chance here as Michail Antonio from West Ham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
82	Lucas Moura from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
82	Angelo Ogbonna relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Tanguy Ndombele from Tottenham chips the ball into the penalty box.
81	Lucas Moura from Tottenham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
81	Emerson from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
81	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
80	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
80	Ball possession: West Ham: 43%, Tottenham: 57%.
79	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
79	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
78	Kurt Zouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	Tanguy Ndombele puts in a cross...
77	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
76	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
75	The referee signals a free kick as Said Benrahma from West Ham trips Emerson
75	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Ball possession: West Ham: 41%, Tottenham: 59%.
74	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
74	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
72	Aaron Cresswell provided the assist for the goal.
72	GOOOOOAAL! - Michail Antonio scores with the right foot!
72	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
72	Should have been a goal! Pablo Fornals gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Hugo Lloris!
72	Sergio Reguilon could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
72	Pablo Fornals from West Ham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
71	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Said Benrahma puts in a cross...
70	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Ball possession: West Ham: 41%, Tottenham: 59%.
70	Ben Johnson from West Ham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
70	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	The game is restarted.
70	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
70	Hugo Lloris relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Ben Johnson sends a long ball upfield.
69	West Ham is in control of the ball.
68	West Ham is in control of the ball.
67	Safe hands from Lukasz Fabianski as he comes out and claims the ball
67	Heung-Min Son puts in a cross...
67	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	The referee signals a free kick as Michail Antonio from West Ham trips Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg
65	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: West Ham: 41%, Tottenham: 59%.
64	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Michail Antonio from West Ham is ruled offside.
63	Could be a good chance here as Declan Rice from West Ham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
62	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
62	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Aaron Cresswell swings in a cross from the free kick.
61	Lucas Moura hand-balls.
61	Pablo Fornals from West Ham sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
60	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: West Ham: 41%, Tottenham: 59%.
60	The game is restarted.
60	The referee shows Cristian Romero the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
59	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
58	Safe hands from Hugo Lloris as he comes out and claims the ball
58	Aaron Cresswell puts in a cross...
58	West Ham is trying to create something here.
57	Safe hands from Lukasz Fabianski as he comes out and claims the ball
57	Harry Kane puts in a cross...
57	Tottenham start a counter attack.
57	Said Benrahma from West Ham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	Ben Johnson puts in a cross...
57	West Ham is trying to create something here.
56	Tanguy Ndombele from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Tottenham start a counter attack.
55	Ball possession: West Ham: 38%, Tottenham: 62%.
55	Jarrod Bowen hand-balls.
55	Said Benrahma of West Ham passes the ball to a team mate.
54	Michail Antonio from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
54	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Jarrod Bowen puts in a cross...
53	Tanguy Ndombele from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
53	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
52	Oliver Skipp from Tottenham makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
52	Oliver Skipp from Tottenham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
52	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Michail Antonio from West Ham makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
51	Pablo Fornals relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
50	Emerson from Tottenham sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
50	Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham directs a ball squarely in the box.
50	Lucas Moura of Tottenham passes the ball to a team mate.
50	Ball possession: West Ham: 38%, Tottenham: 62%.
49	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
48	West Ham is in control of the ball.
48	West Ham is trying to create something here.
48	A shot by Jarrod Bowen is blocked.
48	A shot by Said Benrahma is blocked.
47	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
47	Safe hands from Lukasz Fabianski as he comes out and claims the ball
47	Tanguy Ndombele puts in a cross...
47	Oliver Skipp from Tottenham makes a great pass and space opens up...
46	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Goal kick for Tottenham.
46	The second half is underway.
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Goal kick for West Ham.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Ball possession: West Ham: 38%, Tottenham: 62%.
45	Lucas Moura from Tottenham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
45	Angelo Ogbonna relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
45	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
44	Harry Kane finds himself in acres of space, but his header is turned behind by the Lukasz Fabianski! Corner kick...
44	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
44	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
43	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
41	Michail Antonio goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
41	Michail Antonio from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
41	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
40	Ball possession: West Ham: 40%, Tottenham: 60%.
40	Tanguy Ndombele sends a header towards goal, but Lukasz Fabianski is there to comfortably save it
40	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
40	Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
39	Goal kick for West Ham.
39	Sergio Reguilon goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
39	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
38	Tanguy Ndombele sees his shot deflected off target
37	Michail Antonio relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Heung-Min Son swings in a cross from the free kick.
37	Angelo Ogbonna commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
37	Reckless challenge there. Angelo Ogbonna commits a rough foul on Tanguy Ndombele
37	Goal kick for Tottenham.
36	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
36	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Ball possession: West Ham: 38%, Tottenham: 62%.
35	Goal kick for Tottenham.
35	What a miss! Tomas Soucek has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
35	Pablo Fornals puts in a cross...
35	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
35	Safe hands from Hugo Lloris as he comes out and claims the ball
34	Tomas Soucek from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
34	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Goal kick for Tottenham.
33	Ben Johnson from West Ham sends an effort wide of target
33	Tomas Soucek of West Ham passes the ball to a team mate.
33	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
32	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	The referee signals a free kick as Declan Rice from West Ham trips Lucas Moura
31	The referee signals a free kick as Michail Antonio from West Ham trips Lucas Moura
31	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
30	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Ball possession: West Ham: 42%, Tottenham: 58%.
29	Oliver Skipp from Tottenham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Michail Antonio
29	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
28	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
28	Declan Rice fouls Tanguy Ndombele.
27	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
27	Pablo Fornals from West Ham directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
27	West Ham start a counter attack.
26	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
25	Ball possession: West Ham: 41%, Tottenham: 59%.
25	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Heung-Min Son has a great chance to score, but Lukasz Fabianski comes out strongly to save!
25	Could be a good chance here as Tanguy Ndombele from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
25	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
24	Aaron Cresswell relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
24	Jarrod Bowen is penalised for pushing Oliver Skipp.
23	West Ham is in control of the ball.
23	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
22	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
21	Yellow card for Tomas Soucek.
21	Dangerous challenge by Tomas Soucek from West Ham. Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg on the receiving end of that.
21	Goal kick for West Ham.
20	Lucas Moura from Tottenham sends an effort wide of target
20	Heung-Min Son of Tottenham passes the ball to a team mate.
20	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
20	Ball possession: West Ham: 52%, Tottenham: 48%.
20	Goal kick for Tottenham.
20	Pablo Fornals goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
20	Michail Antonio from West Ham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
20	Could be a good chance here as Said Benrahma from West Ham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
19	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
18	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Kurt Zouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham sends a deflected cross into the box.
17	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Pablo Fornals from West Ham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
16	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	The referee signals a free kick as Michail Antonio from West Ham trips Emerson
15	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: West Ham: 49%, Tottenham: 51%.
15	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
15	Tomas Soucek goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
14	Michail Antonio puts in a cross...
14	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Tanguy Ndombele comes back onto the field.
13	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	The game is restarted.
13	Tanguy Ndombele is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
12	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - not to award a penalty for West Ham!
12	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
12	Tanguy Ndombele is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
11	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
11	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg shoots from outside the box, but Lukasz Fabianski has it under control
10	Ball possession: West Ham: 57%, Tottenham: 43%.
10	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	Lucas Moura from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
8	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
8	Pablo Fornals has a great chance to score, but his acrobatic effort is parried by the keeper.
8	Jarrod Bowen puts in a cross...
8	A shot by Jarrod Bowen is blocked.
7	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
6	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
5	Ball possession: West Ham: 50%, Tottenham: 50%.
5	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Sergio Reguilon is penalised for pushing Jarrod Bowen.
3	West Ham is in control of the ball.
2	A shot by Said Benrahma is blocked.
2	Tomas Soucek of West Ham passes the ball to a team mate.
2	Poor play by Hugo Lloris as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
2	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
2	Eric Dier clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
2	Aaron Cresswell puts in a cross...
2	West Ham is trying to create something here.
1	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Tottenham kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to London Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 31215.
96	Ball possession: Brighton: 48%, Manchester City: 52%.
95	Phil Foden provided the assist for the goal.
95	GOOOOOAAL! - Riyad Mahrez scores with the left foot!
95	A chance opens up as Phil Foden from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
95	Lewis Dunk could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
95	Ball possession: Brighton: 48%, Manchester City: 52%.
94	Joao Cancelo shoots from outside the box, but Robert Sanchez has it under control
94	Phil Foden from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
94	Phil Foden has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
93	Danger! Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
93	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
91	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	A shot by Phil Foden is blocked.
91	Phil Foden from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Brighton: 51%, Manchester City: 49%.
90	Solly March relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Robert Sanchez comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
90	Robert Sanchez saved a certain goal there! Phil Foden found himself in a great scoring position but Robert Sanchez denied him with a great save
89	Kevin De Bruyne carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
89	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
88	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
88	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
88	Danger! Bernardo Silva from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
88	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
87	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
87	Goal kick for Manchester City.
87	Gabriel Jesus is leaving the field to be replaced by Riyad Mahrez in a tactical substitution.
86	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton sends an effort wide of target
86	Great skill from Tariq Lamptey as he dribbles past his opponents
85	Ball possession: Brighton: 51%, Manchester City: 49%.
85	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Brighton is in control of the ball.
84	Goal kick for Manchester City.
84	Ederson Moraes from Manchester City receives a yellow card for time wasting.
83	Alexis Mac Allister from Brighton takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
83	Ruben Dias is penalised for pushing Solly March.
82	Brighton is in control of the ball.
81	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Alexis Mac Allister from Brighton puts it away from the penalty spot with the right foot! Ederson Moraes was close to denying the opportunity.
80	Ball possession: Brighton: 51%, Manchester City: 49%.
79	PENALTY - Ederson Moraes from Manchester City concedes a penalty for tripping Enock Mwepu.
79	Danger! Leandro Trossard from Brighton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
79	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
77	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City is ruled offside.
77	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
77	Jack Grealish is leaving the field to be replaced by Kevin De Bruyne in a tactical substitution.
76	Joel Veltman clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
76	Danger! Rodri from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
76	Tariq Lamptey from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
75	Ball possession: Brighton: 50%, Manchester City: 50%.
75	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Goal kick for Manchester City.
75	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
75	Ilkay Gundogan is leaving the field to be replaced by Fernandinho in a tactical substitution.
74	Solly March goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
74	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
74	Enock Mwepu goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
73	Jakub Moder puts in a cross...
73	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
73	Ilkay Gundogan relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Alexis Mac Allister from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
72	Pascal Gross is leaving the field to be replaced by Alexis Mac Allister in a tactical substitution.
72	Aymeric Laporte clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
72	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
71	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
70	The referee is not having the complaints from Adam Lallana who is given a yellow card for dissent
70	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Lallana from Brighton trips Ilkay Gundogan
70	Ball possession: Brighton: 48%, Manchester City: 52%.
69	Leandro Trossard is penalised for pushing Kyle Walker.
69	Rodri relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Leandro Trossard from Brighton chips the ball into the penalty box.
69	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Aymeric Laporte relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Jakub Moder puts in a cross...
68	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
67	Brighton is in control of the ball.
67	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
66	Leandro Trossard puts in a cross...
66	Solly March from Brighton takes a short corner kick from the left.
66	Ball possession: Brighton: 48%, Manchester City: 52%.
65	Marc Cucurella from Brighton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
65	Gabriel Jesus relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
65	Joel Veltman from Brighton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
65	Poor play by Bernardo Silva as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
65	Solly March from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
64	A shot by Jakub Moder is blocked.
64	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
64	Kyle Walker from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
63	Yellow card for Jakub Moder.
63	Jakub Moder from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joao Cancelo
62	Pascal Gross from Brighton is ruled offside.
62	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
62	Ruben Dias clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
62	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
61	Should have been a goal! Leandro Trossard gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Ederson Moraes!
61	Danger! Jakub Moder from Brighton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
61	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	Brighton is trying to create something here.
60	Yellow card for Joao Cancelo.
60	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City trips Tariq Lamptey
60	Adam Lallana is penalised for pushing Bernardo Silva.
60	Ball possession: Brighton: 47%, Manchester City: 53%.
59	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
59	The referee signals a free kick as Solly March from Brighton trips Kyle Walker
58	Leandro Trossard shoots from outside the box, but Ederson Moraes has it under control
58	Neal Maupay is leaving the field to be replaced by Enock Mwepu in a tactical substitution.
57	Daniel Burn is leaving the field to be replaced by Tariq Lamptey in a tactical substitution.
57	Joel Veltman is penalised for pushing Jack Grealish.
56	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
55	Ball possession: Brighton: 48%, Manchester City: 52%.
55	Good effort by Pascal Gross as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
55	Leandro Trossard from Brighton successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
54	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Joel Veltman puts in a cross...
54	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
53	Good effort by Ruben Dias as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
53	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
53	Daniel Burn clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
52	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
52	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
51	Phil Foden from Manchester City makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
50	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
50	Ball possession: Brighton: 47%, Manchester City: 53%.
49	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
49	Phil Foden from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
49	A chance opens up as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
48	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
47	The referee signals a free kick as Joel Veltman from Brighton trips Jack Grealish
47	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Bernardo Silva puts in a cross...
47	Phil Foden from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
46	Joao Cancelo sees his shot deflected off target
46	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Brighton: 48%, Manchester City: 52%.
47	Jack Grealish shoots from outside the box, but Robert Sanchez has it under control
47	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Good effort by Phil Foden as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
46	A chance opens up as Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
46	Adam Lallana could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
45	Ball possession: Brighton: 46%, Manchester City: 54%.
45	Gabriel Jesus is penalised for pushing Marc Cucurella.
44	Brighton is in control of the ball.
43	Solly March shoots from outside the box, but Ederson Moraes has it under control
43	Pascal Gross from Brighton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
43	Rodri could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
42	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Solly March from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
41	Marc Cucurella from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
41	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Ball possession: Brighton: 47%, Manchester City: 53%.
40	Brighton is in control of the ball.
39	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
39	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
38	Phil Foden from Manchester City crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
37	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
36	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
36	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
36	Ball possession: Brighton: 48%, Manchester City: 52%.
36	Aymeric Laporte relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Solly March from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
35	Rodri clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
35	Marc Cucurella from Brighton makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
34	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Lallana from Brighton trips Jack Grealish
33	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
31	Gabriel Jesus provided the assist for the goal.
31	GOOOOOAAL! - Phil Foden with the goal!
31	A shot by Gabriel Jesus is blocked.
31	Robert Sanchez saved a certain goal there! Jack Grealish found himself in a great scoring position but Robert Sanchez denied him with a great save
31	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City chips the ball into the penalty box.
30	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
30	Ball possession: Brighton: 47%, Manchester City: 53%.
28	Jack Grealish provided the assist for the goal.
28	GOOOOOAAL! - Phil Foden scores with the left foot!
28	Jack Grealish from Manchester City successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
28	Bernardo Silva carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
28	Manchester City start a counter attack.
28	Marc Cucurella from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
28	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
27	Brighton is in control of the ball.
26	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
26	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
25	Ball possession: Brighton: 45%, Manchester City: 55%.
25	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
23	Leandro Trossard from Brighton is ruled offside.
23	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
22	Yellow card for Kyle Walker.
22	The referee signals a free kick as Kyle Walker from Manchester City trips Marc Cucurella
22	Brighton is in control of the ball.
21	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Pascal Gross relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
20	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Brighton: 48%, Manchester City: 52%.
20	Jack Grealish from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
20	Gabriel Jesus releases a shot, it's parried by Robert Sanchez but he can't hold onto it...
20	A shot by Jack Grealish is blocked.
19	Phil Foden from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
19	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
19	CHANCE! Phil Foden finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
19	Jack Grealish carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
18	Goal kick for Manchester City.
18	A chance presents itself to Jakub Moder from Brighton but his header goes wide
18	Leandro Trossard puts in a cross...
18	Joao Cancelo could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
18	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
18	Leandro Trossard from Brighton sends an effort wide of target
17	Pascal Gross puts in a cross...
17	Brighton is in control of the ball.
16	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Ball possession: Brighton: 46%, Manchester City: 54%.
15	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Manchester City stands.
14	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
13	Bernardo Silva provided the assist for the goal.
13	GOOOOOAAL! - Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City taps the ball in with the right! An easy finish for Ilkay Gundogan
13	A chance opens up as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
13	Robert Sanchez comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
13	A shot by Phil Foden is blocked.
13	A chance opens up as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
13	A chance opens up as Kyle Walker from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
12	Danger! Rodri from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
12	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Great defending by Lewis Dunk from Brighton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
11	What a chance! Gabriel Jesus looks odds on to score, but his effort is cleared off the line!
11	Rodri carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
10	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Ball possession: Brighton: 35%, Manchester City: 65%.
10	Rodri is penalised for pushing Adam Lallana.
9	Brighton is in control of the ball.
8	Rodri from Manchester City tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
8	Poor play by Daniel Burn as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
8	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
7	Joao Cancelo's shot takes a wicked deflection but the goalkeeper just reaches it and saves for a corner. Close save!
7	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
5	Ball possession: Brighton: 50%, Manchester City: 50%.
5	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Phil Foden swings in a cross from the free kick.
5	Lewis Dunk is penalised for pushing Phil Foden.
4	Jakub Moder hand-balls.
3	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
2	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Manchester City kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to The American Express Community Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 24609.
96	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 76%, Newcastle United: 24%.
95	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Safe hands from Vicente Guaita as he comes out and claims the ball
95	Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
95	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
95	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 76%, Newcastle United: 24%.
95	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
94	Joelinton of Newcastle United passes the ball to a team mate.
94	A shot by Matt Ritchie is blocked.
94	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United receives a yellow card for time wasting.
93	Jean-Philippe Mateta fouls Isaac Hayden.
92	Yellow card for Joelinton.
92	Dangerous challenge by Joelinton from Newcastle United. Marc Guehi on the receiving end of that.
92	Miguel Almiron puts in a cross...
92	Odsonne Edouard fouls Emil Krafth.
91	James McArthur relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
91	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 76%, Newcastle United: 24%.
89	The referee is not having the complaints from Christian Benteke who is given a yellow card for dissent
89	Dangerous challenge by Jean-Philippe Mateta from Crystal Palace. Emil Krafth on the receiving end of that.
89	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Marc Guehi is penalised for pushing Matt Ritchie.
88	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for Crystal Palace is revoked due to a previously committed foul.
88	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
87	GOOOOOAAL!! Crystal Palace score! Christian Benteke is on the scoresheet.
87	James McArthur from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
86	Conor Gallagher is leaving the field to be replaced by Jean-Philippe Mateta in a tactical substitution.
86	James McArthur sees his shot deflected off target
86	Christian Benteke of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
86	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
85	Callum Wilson is penalised for pushing Joel Ward.
85	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 77%, Newcastle United: 23%.
84	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
84	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
84	Emil Krafth relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
84	Joelinton relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
83	Jeffrey Schlupp sees his shot deflected off target
83	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
82	Odsonne Edouard relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Joelinton from Newcastle United had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
82	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
82	Joachim Andersen clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
81	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
81	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Allan Saint-Maximin is leaving the field to be replaced by Joelinton in a tactical substitution.
80	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 76%, Newcastle United: 24%.
80	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
79	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
78	Christian Benteke forces a good save from Karl Darlow who turns the ball behind for a corner!
78	Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
78	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
78	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
77	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
76	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
75	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 76%, Newcastle United: 24%.
75	Isaac Hayden hand-balls.
75	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
74	Wilfried Zaha goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
74	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
73	Luka Milivojevic is leaving the field to be replaced by Jeffrey Schlupp in a tactical substitution.
73	How did he miss that? Christian Benteke has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
72	CHANCE! Christian Benteke finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
72	Could be a good chance here as James McArthur from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
72	Emil Krafth relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
72	A shot by Luka Milivojevic is blocked.
72	A shot by Wilfried Zaha is blocked.
72	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
71	Vicente Guaita relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
71	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
71	Newcastle United with a potentially dangerous attack.
70	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 77%, Newcastle United: 23%.
70	Ciaran Clark from Newcastle United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
70	A player from Newcastle United takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
68	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace tries to play a nice 1-2 with a team mate, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
68	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
66	Michael Olise is leaving the field to be replaced by Wilfried Zaha in a tactical substitution.
66	Ryan Fraser is leaving the field to be replaced by Miguel Almiron in a tactical substitution.
66	Sean Longstaff is leaving the field to be replaced by Joseph Willock in a tactical substitution.
65	Emil Krafth provided the assist for the goal.
65	GOOOOOAAL! - Callum Wilson scores with a bicycle-kick with the right foot! Amazing stuff!
65	Emil Krafth from Newcastle United heads the ball to a team mate.
65	Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United heads the ball to a team mate.
65	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
64	Joel Ward clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
64	Sean Longstaff swings in a cross from the free kick.
64	Luka Milivojevic is penalised for pushing Allan Saint-Maximin.
63	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
63	CROSSBAR! A header from Christian Benteke hits the crossbar!
63	Michael Olise puts in a cross...
63	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
62	Matt Ritchie relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Luka Milivojevic swings in a cross from the free kick.
62	The referee signals a free kick as Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United trips Conor Gallagher
61	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
61	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
61	Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
60	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 77%, Newcastle United: 23%.
59	After a tactical foul, Jamaal Lascelles sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
59	Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Christian Benteke
59	Crystal Palace start a counter attack.
59	Ciaran Clark from Newcastle United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	A player from Newcastle United takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
58	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
57	Crystal Palace managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
56	Tyrick Mitchell provided the assist for the goal.
56	GOOOOOAAL! - Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace heads the ball home!
56	Tyrick Mitchell puts in a cross...
56	The referee signals a free kick as Michael Olise from Crystal Palace trips Ryan Fraser
56	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 78%, Newcastle United: 22%.
55	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Odsonne Edouard is penalised for pushing Emil Krafth.
54	Crystal Palace start a counter attack.
54	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
53	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
53	Ciaran Clark comes back onto the field.
53	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	The game is restarted.
52	Ciaran Clark is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
52	Ciaran Clark is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
51	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
51	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
50	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 77%, Newcastle United: 23%.
50	Christian Benteke misses a huge chance as his bicycle kick fails to hit the target!
50	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
49	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Javier Manquillo relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Michael Olise swings in a cross from the free kick.
49	The referee signals a free kick as Sean Longstaff from Newcastle United trips Conor Gallagher
48	Sean Longstaff is penalised for pushing Conor Gallagher.
48	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
48	Christian Benteke relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Ryan Fraser swings in a cross from the free kick.
47	Tyrick Mitchell fouls Javier Manquillo.
46	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 79%, Newcastle United: 21%.
48	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	A player from Newcastle United takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
46	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace is ruled offside.
46	Emil Krafth relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Luka Milivojevic puts in a cross...
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
45	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 77%, Newcastle United: 23%.
45	Safe hands from Karl Darlow as he comes out and claims the ball
45	Tyrick Mitchell puts in a cross...
44	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
43	The referee signals a free kick as Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace trips Sean Longstaff
42	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
42	Crystal Palace start a counter attack.
42	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
41	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
40	Christian Benteke clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
40	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
40	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 80%, Newcastle United: 20%.
39	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
39	Newcastle United start a counter attack.
38	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Tyrick Mitchell is penalised for pushing Javier Manquillo.
38	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
38	Luka Milivojevic sends a long ball upfield.
37	Joachim Andersen relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
37	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
36	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ciaran Clark relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	James McArthur puts in a cross...
35	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	The match is very one-sided right now. Crystal Palace are clearly dominating possession
35	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 80%, Newcastle United: 20%.
35	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
33	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Isaac Hayden relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Joel Ward puts in a cross...
33	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
32	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
31	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
31	James McArthur from Crystal Palace crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
30	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 79%, Newcastle United: 21%.
30	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
29	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
28	Odsonne Edouard swings in a cross from the free kick.
28	The referee signals a free kick as Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United trips Conor Gallagher
27	The game is restarted.
27	The referee shows Callum Wilson the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
27	The referee shows Joel Ward the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
27	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
27	Callum Wilson is penalised for pushing Joel Ward.
26	Good effort by Tyrick Mitchell as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
26	A shot by Odsonne Edouard is blocked.
26	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
25	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
25	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 79%, Newcastle United: 21%.
24	Luka Milivojevic is penalised for pushing Allan Saint-Maximin.
24	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Odsonne Edouard puts in a cross...
23	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
23	Sean Longstaff relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Tyrick Mitchell puts in a cross...
23	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
22	The match resumes with a drop ball.
21	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
21	A shot by Conor Gallagher is blocked.
21	Karl Darlow relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the left.
21	Tyrick Mitchell forces a good save from Karl Darlow who turns the ball behind for a corner!
21	CHANCE! That really should have been a goal. Christian Benteke wastes a huge chance as his header hits the post!
21	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace puts in a great cross...
20	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 73%, Newcastle United: 27%.
20	Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
19	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
19	Odsonne Edouard is penalised for pushing Emil Krafth.
19	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
18	Newcastle United start a counter attack.
18	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
17	Ciaran Clark relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Michael Olise puts in a cross...
17	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
17	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
17	Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
17	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
16	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
16	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 79%, Newcastle United: 21%.
15	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
15	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United sends an effort wide of target
15	What a chance! Emil Krafth looks odds on to score, but his effort is cleared off the line!
15	Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United heads the ball to a team mate.
14	Matt Ritchie swings in a cross from the free kick.
14	The game is restarted.
14	Ryan Fraser is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
14	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
13	Joachim Andersen commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
13	Dangerous challenge by Joachim Andersen from Crystal Palace. Ryan Fraser on the receiving end of that.
13	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace is ruled offside.
12	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
12	Christian Benteke relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	A player from Newcastle United takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
11	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
11	James McArthur from Crystal Palace makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
10	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 79%, Newcastle United: 21%.
10	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	Allan Saint-Maximin sends a header towards goal, but Vicente Guaita is there to comfortably save it
9	Ryan Fraser puts in a cross...
9	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
8	Luka Milivojevic comes back onto the field.
8	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
7	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	The game is restarted.
7	Luka Milivojevic is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
5	Luka Milivojevic is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
5	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
5	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 68%, Newcastle United: 32%.
5	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
5	Newcastle United start a counter attack.
4	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
4	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
3	Callum Wilson from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
2	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
1	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
1	A chance presents itself to Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace but his header goes wide
1	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
1	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
1	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Crystal Palace kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Selhurst Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Joshua King from Watford is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
95	After a great second half, Watford materializes a comeback and walks out of the game with the win!
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Ball possession: Everton: 50%, Watford: 50%.
95	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
94	Today's attendance is 38834.
94	The game is restarted.
94	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
94	Dangerous challenge by Emmanuel Dennis from Watford. Ben Godfrey on the receiving end of that.
93	Yellow card for Jose Salomon Rondon.
93	Reckless challenge there. Jose Salomon Rondon commits a rough foul on Craig Cathcart
93	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	Jose Salomon Rondon puts in a cross...
92	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Joao Pedro provided the assist for the goal.
91	GOOOOOAAL! - Emmanuel Dennis scores with the right foot!
91	Great skill from Emmanuel Dennis as he dribbles past his opponents
91	Joao Pedro puts in a cross...
91	The Everton fans have had enough. They are leaving the stadium.
91	Richarlison is penalised for pushing Ben Foster.
90	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
90	Seamus Coleman from Everton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
90	Richarlison from Everton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
90	Andros Townsend of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
90	Ball possession: Everton: 49%, Watford: 51%.
89	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Juraj Kucka relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Lucas Digne swings in a cross from the free kick.
89	Juraj Kucka from Watford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Tom Davies
88	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Everton is in control of the ball.
87	Thats the third goal by Joshua King. He walks off with the ball as a reminder of his glorious hattrick.
87	Emmanuel Dennis provided the assist for the goal.
87	GOOOOOAAL! - Joshua King scores with the left foot!
87	A shot by Joao Pedro is blocked.
87	Ben Godfrey could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
87	Juan Hernandez from Watford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	Joao Pedro of Watford passes the ball to a team mate.
86	Everton plays a short goal kick.
86	Juan Hernandez fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
85	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
85	Goal kick for Watford.
85	Ball possession: Everton: 47%, Watford: 53%.
84	Lucas Digne goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
84	Richarlison from Everton makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
84	Could be a good chance here as Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
84	Everton is in control of the ball.
83	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Goal kick for Everton.
82	A chance presents itself to Juraj Kucka from Watford but his header goes wide
82	Juan Hernandez from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
82	Emmanuel Dennis connects well on the volley but the shot is saved and goes behind for a corner kick
82	Poor play by Lucas Digne as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
81	Juan Hernandez puts in a cross...
81	After removing his shirt, the referee is forced to show Joshua King a yellow card.
80	Ball possession: Everton: 47%, Watford: 53%.
80	Emmanuel Dennis provided the assist for the goal.
80	GOOOOOAAL! - Joshua King scores with the right foot!
80	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford puts in a great cross...
80	Watford start a counter attack.
79	With that goal, Watford equalised. Game on!
78	Juan Hernandez provided the assist for the goal.
78	GOOOOOAAL! - Juraj Kucka from Watford heads the ball home!
78	Juan Hernandez from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
78	Michael Keane clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
78	A chance opens up as Joshua King from Watford successfully finds a team mate in the area...
78	Tom Davies could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
78	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Demarai Gray is leaving the field to be replaced by Alex Iwobi in a tactical substitution.
76	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	Jeremy Ngakia is leaving the field to be replaced by Nicolas N'Koulou in a tactical substitution.
76	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
75	Ball possession: Everton: 47%, Watford: 53%.
75	Joshua King is penalised for pushing Ben Godfrey.
74	Goal kick for Watford.
74	Michael Keane directs a header agonizingly wide of the post. So nearly a goal!
74	Lucas Digne swings in a cross from the free kick.
73	Joao Pedro is penalised for pushing Richarlison.
73	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
73	Jeremy Ngakia puts in a cross...
72	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Juan Hernandez swings in a cross from the free kick.
72	Yellow card for Richarlison.
72	Dangerous challenge by Richarlison from Everton. Emmanuel Dennis on the receiving end of that.
72	Lucas Digne relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Adam Masina puts in a cross...
71	Watford plays a short goal kick.
70	Ball possession: Everton: 49%, Watford: 51%.
70	Yellow card for Emmanuel Dennis.
70	Reckless challenge there. Emmanuel Dennis commits a rough foul on Richarlison
70	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Jeremy Ngakia puts in a cross...
69	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
69	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
69	Watford plays a short goal kick.
69	The game is restarted.
68	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
68	Lucas Digne from Everton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
68	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Emmanuel Dennis hand-balls.
67	Joshua King from Watford directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
67	Poor play by Michael Keane as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
66	The referee signals a free kick as Jeremy Ngakia from Watford trips Jose Salomon Rondon
65	Richarlison relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Juan Hernandez from Watford swings in the corner from the left.
65	Ball possession: Everton: 50%, Watford: 50%.
65	Juraj Kucka tests Jordan Pickford with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
64	Ozan Tufan is leaving the field to be replaced by Joao Pedro in a tactical substitution.
64	Ismaila Sarr is leaving the field to be replaced by Emmanuel Dennis in a tactical substitution.
63	Michael Keane provided the assist for the goal.
63	GOOOOOAAL! - Richarlison from Everton heads the ball home!
63	Michael Keane from Everton puts in a great cross...
63	A shot by Lucas Digne is blocked.
63	Andros Townsend from Everton makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
62	Goal kick for Watford.
62	A chance presents itself to Tom Davies from Everton but his header goes wide
62	Lucas Digne swings in a cross from the free kick.
61	Juraj Kucka from Watford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Lucas Digne
61	Everton plays a short goal kick.
60	Anthony Gordon is leaving the field to be replaced by Richarlison in a tactical substitution.
60	Ball possession: Everton: 49%, Watford: 51%.
60	Juraj Kucka goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
60	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Jeremy Ngakia puts in a cross...
59	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
59	Watford is trying to create something here.
58	Jordan Pickford saved a certain goal there! Joshua King found himself in a great scoring position but Jordan Pickford denied him with a great save
58	Ismaila Sarr puts in a cross...
58	Watford is trying to create something here.
58	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Moussa Sissoko relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
57	Everton is in control of the ball.
56	Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton is ruled offside.
55	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Ball possession: Everton: 49%, Watford: 51%.
54	Allan is booked for diving.
54	NO PENALTY! The ref believes Allan dived in the penalty box. Controversial!
54	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
54	Danger averted there as Jeremy Ngakia from Watford clears the danger with a good tackle
54	Anthony Gordon from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
54	Everton start a counter attack.
54	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
53	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	Safe hands from Ben Foster as he comes out and claims the ball
53	A shot by Anthony Gordon is blocked.
53	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
52	A shot by Joshua King is blocked.
52	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Safe hands from Ben Foster as he comes out and claims the ball
50	Anthony Gordon puts in a cross...
50	Moussa Sissoko relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Demarai Gray swings in a cross from the free kick.
50	Ball possession: Everton: 51%, Watford: 49%.
49	Juan Hernandez from Watford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Tom Davies
49	Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
49	Everton start a counter attack.
48	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	A shot by Joshua King is blocked.
47	Juan Hernandez of Watford passes the ball to a team mate.
47	Watford start a counter attack.
47	Everton is in control of the ball.
46	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
50	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: Everton: 49%, Watford: 51%.
49	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	Demarai Gray from Everton makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
48	Michael Keane puts in a cross...
48	Dangerous challenge by Jeremy Ngakia from Watford. Anthony Gordon on the receiving end of that.
48	A shot by Juan Hernandez is blocked.
47	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Goal kick for Everton.
46	Juraj Kucka fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
46	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Watford is in control of the ball.
45	A shot by Anthony Gordon is blocked.
45	Lucas Digne from Everton directs a ball squarely in the box.
45	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
45	Ball possession: Everton: 50%, Watford: 50%.
44	The game is restarted.
44	The referee shows William Troost-Ekong the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
43	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
43	William Troost-Ekong is penalised for pushing Seamus Coleman.
43	Ozan Tufan swings in a cross from the free kick.
43	The game is restarted.
42	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
42	The referee signals a free kick as Allan from Everton trips Ismaila Sarr
42	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	Everton plays a short goal kick.
40	Ismaila Sarr from Watford tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
40	Ismaila Sarr from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
40	Watford start a counter attack.
40	A shot by Allan is blocked.
40	Anthony Gordon from Everton heads the ball to a team mate.
40	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
40	Ball possession: Everton: 48%, Watford: 52%.
39	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Ismaila Sarr puts in a cross...
39	Great vision by Tom Davies from Everton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
38	Watford start a counter attack.
38	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - not to award a penalty for Everton!
37	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
36	Anthony Gordon from Everton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
36	Lucas Digne from Everton sends a deflected cross into the box.
36	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Andros Townsend from Everton crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
35	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Moussa Sissoko relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
35	Ball possession: Everton: 44%, Watford: 56%.
34	Allan sees his shot deflected off target
34	Goal kick for Watford.
33	Andros Townsend from Everton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
33	Andros Townsend from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
33	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Demarai Gray puts in a cross...
33	Everton is in control of the ball.
32	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
31	Dangerous challenge by Joshua King from Watford. Michael Keane on the receiving end of that.
31	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
31	Goal kick for Everton.
31	Ismaila Sarr goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
31	Jose Salomon Rondon relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Adam Masina from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
30	Ball possession: Everton: 45%, Watford: 55%.
30	Juan Hernandez sees his shot deflected off target
30	Watford is in control of the ball.
29	Goal kick for Watford.
29	Moussa Sissoko relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
28	A shot by Jose Salomon Rondon is blocked.
28	Everton is in control of the ball.
27	Jose Salomon Rondon relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Ozan Tufan puts in a cross...
27	Ozan Tufan from Watford takes a short corner kick from the left.
26	Juan Hernandez from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
26	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Everton plays a short goal kick.
25	Moussa Sissoko fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
25	Ismaila Sarr from Watford makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
25	Adam Masina puts in a cross...
25	Ball possession: Everton: 44%, Watford: 56%.
25	The referee signals a free kick as Anthony Gordon from Everton trips Jeremy Ngakia
24	Seamus Coleman from Everton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Juan Hernandez
24	Watford is in control of the ball.
24	Everton is in control of the ball.
23	Goal kick for Watford.
23	Andros Townsend from Everton sends an effort wide of target
23	Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
22	Seamus Coleman from Everton successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
22	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
22	Everton is in control of the ball.
21	Juan Hernandez from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
21	Goal kick for Watford.
21	Andros Townsend from Everton crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
20	Everton is in control of the ball.
20	Ball possession: Everton: 37%, Watford: 63%.
19	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Ozan Tufan from Watford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
18	Moussa Sissoko puts in a cross...
18	Ben Godfrey relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Ozan Tufan swings in a cross from the free kick.
17	After a tactical foul, Lucas Digne sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
17	The referee signals a free kick as Lucas Digne from Everton trips Ismaila Sarr
17	Lucas Digne sends a header towards goal, but Ben Foster is there to comfortably save it
17	Seamus Coleman from Everton makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
16	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Watford is in control of the ball.
16	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Watford stands.
15	Ball possession: Everton: 31%, Watford: 69%.
14	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
13	Craig Cathcart provided the assist for the goal.
13	GOOOOOAAL! - Joshua King from Watford taps the ball in with the left! An easy finish for Joshua King
13	Poor play by Ben Godfrey as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
13	Adam Masina swings in a cross from the free kick.
13	The referee signals a free kick as Lucas Digne from Everton trips Jeremy Ngakia
12	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Watford is in control of the ball.
11	Allan from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
11	Everton is in control of the ball.
10	Goal kick for Watford.
10	What a miss! Anthony Gordon has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
10	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
10	Andros Townsend tests Ben Foster with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
10	Ball possession: Everton: 21%, Watford: 79%.
9	Everton plays a short goal kick.
9	Ozan Tufan from Watford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
9	Juan Hernandez from Watford makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
8	Watford is in control of the ball.
7	Watford is in control of the ball.
7	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ozan Tufan is penalised for pushing Seamus Coleman.
5	Ball possession: Everton: 24%, Watford: 76%.
5	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Everton stands.
4	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
4	Everton managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
3	Demarai Gray provided the assist for the goal.
3	GOOOOOAAL! - Tom Davies from Everton taps the ball in with the right! An easy finish for Tom Davies
3	Demarai Gray from Everton directs a ball squarely in the box.
3	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
3	Everton start a counter attack.
2	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Watford kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Goodison Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
97	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 37%.
97	A shot by Joe Gelhardt is blocked.
97	Joe Gelhardt from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
97	The referee signals a free kick as Crysencio Summerville from Leeds trips Nelson Semedo
97	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Crysencio Summerville puts in a cross...
96	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
96	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers is ruled offside.
96	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
95	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Rodrigo from Leeds is very pleased with the goal and can't stop celebrating. The referee sees no other way than to book him.
94	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Rodrigo from Leeds puts it away from the penalty spot with the left foot! Jose Sa chose the wrong side.
93	PENALTY - Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers concedes a penalty for pushing Joe Gelhardt.
93	Great skill from Joe Gelhardt as he dribbles past his opponents
93	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
92	Crysencio Summerville from Leeds makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
92	Daniel James puts in a cross...
92	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 6 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the right.
91	Ball possession: Leeds: 64%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 36%.
90	Daniel Podence sees his shot deflected off target
90	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
90	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
90	Liam Cooper from Leeds heads the ball to a team mate.
90	Rodrigo swings in a cross from the free kick.
90	Joao Moutinho is leaving the field to be replaced by Ruben Neves in a tactical substitution.
89	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Crysencio Summerville
88	Leeds is trying to create something here.
88	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	The game is restarted.
87	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
86	A shot by Stuart Dallas is blocked.
86	Rodrigo from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
86	Nelson Semedo clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
86	Rodrigo from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
85	Max Kilman clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
85	Daniel James from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box.
85	Daniel Podence shoots from outside the box, but Illan Meslier has it under control
85	Could be a good chance here as Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
85	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 37%.
84	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
84	Joe Gelhardt from Leeds sends an effort wide of target
84	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
84	Leeds is trying to create something here.
83	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	Rayan Ait Nouri is injured and is replaced by Ki-Jana Hoever.
82	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	The game is restarted.
82	Rayan Ait Nouri is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
82	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
81	Crysencio Summerville from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
81	Some neat football here as Crysencio Summerville from Leeds plays a 1-2 with Daniel James.
81	Rodrigo puts in a cross...
80	Ball possession: Leeds: 62%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 38%.
80	A shot by Crysencio Summerville is blocked.
80	Liam Cooper from Leeds heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
80	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
79	Should have been a goal! Joe Gelhardt gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Jose Sa!
79	Some neat football here as Joe Gelhardt from Leeds plays a 1-2 with Rodrigo.
79	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
79	Tyler Roberts fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
79	Rayan Ait Nouri relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Tyler Roberts puts in a cross...
78	Leeds is in control of the ball.
77	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
77	Danger! Stuart Dallas from Leeds successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
77	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
76	The referee signals a free kick as Jamie Shackleton from Leeds trips Hee-Chan Hwang
76	Adama Traore is leaving the field to be replaced by Daniel Podence in a tactical substitution.
75	Tyler Roberts is penalised for pushing Hee-Chan Hwang.
75	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 37%.
75	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
74	Pascal Struijk from Leeds is ruled offside.
74	Stuart Dallas swings in a cross from the free kick.
73	Dangerous challenge by Conor Coady from Wolverhampton Wanderers. Tyler Roberts on the receiving end of that.
72	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
72	A chance presents itself to Tyler Roberts from Leeds but his header goes wide
72	Rodrigo puts in a cross...
72	Leeds is trying to create something here.
71	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
71	Joao Moutinho goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
70	Ball possession: Leeds: 64%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 36%.
70	The referee signals a free kick as Joe Gelhardt from Leeds trips Raul Jimenez
69	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
69	Great skill from Rayan Ait Nouri as he dribbles past his opponents
69	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
69	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
69	Daniel James from Leeds sends a deflected cross into the box.
68	Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
67	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
67	Leander Dendoncker from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
65	Jamie Shackleton commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
65	The referee signals a free kick as Jamie Shackleton from Leeds trips Adama Traore
65	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Rodrigo from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
65	Ball possession: Leeds: 64%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 36%.
65	Romain Saiss clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
65	Daniel James puts in a cross...
64	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
64	Leeds is trying to create something here.
63	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Diego Llorente
63	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Mateusz Klich is leaving the field to be replaced by Joe Gelhardt in a tactical substitution.
61	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
61	Mateusz Klich puts in a cross...
61	Crysencio Summerville from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
60	Stuart Dallas swings in a cross from the free kick.
60	The referee signals a free kick as Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Rodrigo
60	Ball possession: Leeds: 65%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 35%.
60	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
59	The referee signals a free kick as Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Tyler Roberts
57	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Good effort by Raul Jimenez as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
56	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs a ball squarely in the box.
55	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Ball possession: Leeds: 64%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 36%.
55	Hee-Chan Hwang hand-balls.
54	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Raphinha is injured and is replaced by Crysencio Summerville.
54	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
53	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
53	A chance presents itself to Diego Llorente from Leeds but his header goes wide
53	Stuart Dallas swings in a cross from the free kick.
53	The game is restarted.
53	Raphinha is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
53	After having handled the ball, Romain Saiss is booked.
53	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
52	Romain Saiss hand-balls.
51	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	After a tactical foul, Max Kilman sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
50	Dangerous challenge by Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers. Tyler Roberts on the receiving end of that.
50	Leander Dendoncker could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
50	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Ball possession: Leeds: 64%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 36%.
50	Illan Meslier relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
49	Rayan Ait Nouri forces a good save from Illan Meslier who turns the ball behind for a corner!
49	Great skill from Rayan Ait Nouri as he dribbles past his opponents
49	The referee signals a free kick as Raphinha from Leeds trips Hee-Chan Hwang
49	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Illan Meslier from Leeds fails to clear the ball properly and gives away a throw-in to the opponent team.
49	Could be a good chance here as Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
48	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
47	Raphinha fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
47	Leander Dendoncker relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Rodrigo puts in a cross...
46	Leeds is in control of the ball.
46	Jack Harrison is leaving the field to be replaced by Tyler Roberts in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 37%.
47	The referee signals a free kick as Jack Harrison from Leeds trips Hee-Chan Hwang
46	Leeds is trying to create something here.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 37%.
45	The referee signals a free kick as Mateusz Klich from Leeds trips Raul Jimenez
44	Raphinha from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but Jose Sa comes out to smother the ball.
44	Diego Llorente puts in a cross...
44	Leeds is trying to create something here.
44	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Stuart Dallas
43	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Rodrigo from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
42	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
41	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	The referee signals a free kick as Jack Harrison from Leeds trips Nelson Semedo
40	Ball possession: Leeds: 61%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 39%.
40	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Rayan Ait Nouri swings in a cross from the free kick.
39	The referee signals a free kick as Pascal Struijk from Leeds trips Rayan Ait Nouri
39	Leander Dendoncker from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
38	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Diego Llorente is penalised for pushing Raul Jimenez.
36	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Rodrigo from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
36	Raphinha puts in a cross...
36	Ball possession: Leeds: 59%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 41%.
36	Rodrigo from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
35	Leeds is trying to create something here.
35	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Diego Llorente from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
33	Leeds is in control of the ball.
33	Diego Llorente from Leeds heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
33	Mateusz Klich swings in a cross from the free kick.
32	The referee signals a free kick as Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Mateusz Klich
32	Leeds is in control of the ball.
31	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
31	Liam Cooper from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Adama Traore
30	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Ball possession: Leeds: 60%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 40%.
30	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
30	Stuart Dallas clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
29	Could be a good chance here as Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
29	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
29	Raphinha from Leeds sends an effort wide of target
28	Leander Dendoncker could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
28	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
28	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Raphinha puts in a cross...
27	The game is restarted.
27	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
27	A shot by Rodrigo is blocked.
26	Leeds is trying to create something here.
26	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
26	Jack Harrison from Leeds sends an effort wide of target
26	Could be a good chance here as Raphinha from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
25	Nelson Semedo relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Mateusz Klich puts in a cross...
25	Ball possession: Leeds: 57%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 43%.
25	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Leeds is in control of the ball.
23	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Good effort by Mateusz Klich as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
23	Daniel James of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
22	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
21	A chance presents itself to Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers but his header goes wide
21	Adama Traore puts in a cross...
21	The referee signals a free kick as Mateusz Klich from Leeds trips Adama Traore
20	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
20	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 37%.
20	The game is restarted.
19	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
19	Raphinha from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
18	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
18	Leeds is in control of the ball.
17	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
17	The game is restarted.
16	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
16	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Ball possession: Leeds: 63%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 37%.
16	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
15	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
15	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
14	Leeds is in control of the ball.
14	Rayan Ait Nouri is penalised for pushing Raphinha.
13	Raphinha shoots from outside the box, but Jose Sa has it under control
13	Rodrigo of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
13	Leeds is trying to create something here.
13	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Stuart Dallas
11	Ball possession: Leeds: 62%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 38%.
10	GOOOOOAAL! - Hee-Chan Hwang reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
10	A shot by Raul Jimenez is blocked.
10	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs a ball squarely in the box.
9	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
9	Jamie Shackleton from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Hee-Chan Hwang
8	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
8	A chance presents itself to Rodrigo from Leeds but his header goes wide
8	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
8	The game is restarted.
8	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
7	Romain Saiss clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
7	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
7	Raphinha from Leeds sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
7	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
7	Great defending by Liam Cooper from Leeds to prevent his team conceding a goal.
6	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
6	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Raphinha puts in a cross...
6	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Raphinha swings in a cross from the free kick.
5	Ball possession: Leeds: 60%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 40%.
5	Joao Moutinho commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
5	Dangerous challenge by Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers. Rodrigo on the receiving end of that.
5	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Jack Harrison from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
4	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
3	The referee signals a free kick as Raphinha from Leeds trips Hee-Chan Hwang
3	Leeds is in control of the ball.
2	Rayan Ait Nouri from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
1	Leeds is in control of the ball.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Wolverhampton Wanderers kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Elland Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
95	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
95	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Ball possession: Southampton: 59%, Burnley: 41%.
95	Today's attendance is 29145.
95	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Romain Perraud from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
93	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
92	Stuart Armstrong puts in a cross...
92	Southampton is trying to create something here.
92	The referee signals a free kick as Dwight McNeil from Burnley trips Valentino Livramento
91	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	Chris Wood is leaving the field to be replaced by Matej Vydra in a tactical substitution.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Valentino Livramento puts in a cross...
90	Southampton is trying to create something here.
90	Chris Wood is penalised for pushing Jan Bednarek.
90	Ball possession: Southampton: 59%, Burnley: 41%.
90	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Nathan Redmond is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Armstrong in a tactical substitution.
89	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Oriol Romeu relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Jay Rodriguez puts in a cross...
88	Jay Rodriguez from Burnley makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
88	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
88	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley tries a long distance effort. The shot is helped on by an awkward deflection but Alex McCarthy is alert and saves it.
88	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
87	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Goal kick for Burnley.
87	Che Adams from Southampton heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
86	Valentino Livramento puts in a cross...
86	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Nathan Collins relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Romain Perraud puts in a cross...
85	Southampton is trying to create something here.
85	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
85	Jay Rodriguez from Burnley fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
85	Ball possession: Southampton: 58%, Burnley: 42%.
84	The referee signals a free kick as Valentino Livramento from Southampton trips Dwight McNeil
84	Ibrahima Diallo shoots from outside the box, but Nick Pope has it under control
84	A shot by Nathan Redmond is blocked.
84	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
83	Southampton is in control of the ball.
83	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	Goal kick for Burnley.
82	Ibrahima Diallo from Southampton sends an effort wide of target
82	Stuart Armstrong from Southampton successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
82	Nathan Redmond puts in a cross...
82	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
82	Jay Rodriguez sends a header towards goal, but Alex McCarthy is there to comfortably save it
82	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
81	Yellow card for Mohamed Elyounoussi.
81	Obstruction as Mohamed Elyounoussi cuts off the run of Matthew Lowton. A free-kick is awarded.
81	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
81	Jay Rodriguez puts in a cross...
81	Goal kick for Burnley.
80	Nathan Redmond from Southampton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
80	Ball possession: Southampton: 57%, Burnley: 43%.
80	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
80	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Armando Broja is leaving the field to be replaced by Che Adams in a tactical substitution.
78	Southampton is trying to create something here.
78	Goal kick for Burnley.
78	The game is restarted.
78	Maxwel Cornet is leaving the field to be replaced by Johann Berg Gudmundsson in a tactical substitution.
77	Maxwel Cornet is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
77	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
77	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - not to award a penalty for Southampton!
77	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
77	Danger! Nathan Redmond from Southampton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
76	Southampton is trying to create something here.
76	A shot by Nathan Redmond is blocked.
76	Josh Brownhill relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
75	Nathan Redmond from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
75	Southampton is trying to create something here.
75	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
75	Nathan Redmond swings in a cross from the free kick.
75	Ball possession: Southampton: 54%, Burnley: 46%.
74	Theo Walcott is leaving the field to be replaced by Stuart Armstrong in a tactical substitution.
74	Ashley Westwood is penalised for pushing Armando Broja.
73	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	Yellow card for Ashley Westwood.
72	Dangerous challenge by Ashley Westwood from Burnley. Oriol Romeu on the receiving end of that.
72	Burnley is in control of the ball.
71	Romain Perraud from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
71	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
71	Southampton is trying to create something here.
70	Yellow card for Jay Rodriguez.
70	Reckless challenge there. Jay Rodriguez commits a rough foul on Mohamed Elyounoussi
70	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Ball possession: Southampton: 54%, Burnley: 46%.
70	Jack Cork is leaving the field to be replaced by Jay Rodriguez in a tactical substitution.
69	Ashley Westwood relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Nathan Redmond from Southampton chips the ball into the penalty box.
69	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
67	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Theo Walcott comes back onto the field.
67	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
67	The game is restarted.
66	Theo Walcott is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
66	Theo Walcott is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
66	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
65	Ball possession: Southampton: 54%, Burnley: 46%.
65	Ashley Westwood fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
65	Maxwel Cornet puts in a cross...
65	Jan Bednarek relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
64	Mohammed Salisu is penalised for pushing Chris Wood.
63	Good effort by Nathan Redmond as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
63	A chance opens up as Romain Perraud from Southampton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
63	Southampton is trying to create something here.
63	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
61	Dwight McNeil fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
61	Burnley is trying to create something here.
61	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: Southampton: 53%, Burnley: 47%.
60	Burnley is trying to create something here.
59	Southampton is in control of the ball.
59	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
59	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
58	Valentino Livramento from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
58	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
57	With that goal, Burnley equalised. Game on!
57	Ashley Westwood provided the assist for the goal.
57	GOOOOOAAL! - Maxwel Cornet volleys the ball into the back of the net with the left. A great finish!
57	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
57	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Southampton is in control of the ball.
56	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Goal kick for Burnley.
55	Ball possession: Southampton: 53%, Burnley: 47%.
55	Oriol Romeu from Southampton chips the ball into the penalty box.
55	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Danger averted there as James Tarkowski from Burnley clears the danger with a good tackle
55	Valentino Livramento from Southampton chips the ball into the penalty box.
54	Southampton is trying to create something here.
54	Dangerous challenge by Chris Wood from Burnley. Jan Bednarek on the receiving end of that.
54	Goal kick for Burnley.
53	Ibrahima Diallo from Southampton tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
53	Valentino Livramento from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
53	Southampton is trying to create something here.
52	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley is ruled offside.
52	Dwight McNeil swings in a cross from the free kick.
51	The referee signals a free kick as Ibrahima Diallo from Southampton trips Dwight McNeil
51	Jan Bednarek relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Ashley Westwood puts in a cross...
51	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
50	Ball possession: Southampton: 57%, Burnley: 43%.
50	Ibrahima Diallo provided the assist for the goal.
50	GOOOOOAAL! - Armando Broja scores with the right foot!
50	Armando Broja from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
50	James Tarkowski could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
49	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
48	Josh Brownhill from Burnley crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
47	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Josh Brownhill puts in a cross...
47	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Burnley is trying to create something here.
46	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
46	The second half is underway.
48	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Southampton: 57%, Burnley: 43%.
48	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
47	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
46	Southampton is in control of the ball.
46	James Tarkowski puts in a cross...
46	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
46	Poor play by Ibrahima Diallo as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
45	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
45	James Tarkowski from Burnley had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
45	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
45	Ball possession: Southampton: 56%, Burnley: 44%.
44	Dangerous challenge by Oriol Romeu from Southampton. Dwight McNeil on the receiving end of that.
44	Theo Walcott from Southampton makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
44	Oriol Romeu carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
44	Southampton is trying to create something here.
43	Southampton is in control of the ball.
42	Yellow card for Jack Cork.
42	Dangerous challenge by Jack Cork from Burnley. Valentino Livramento on the receiving end of that.
41	With that goal, Southampton equalised. Game on!
41	Nathan Redmond provided the assist for the goal.
41	GOOOOOAAL! - Valentino Livramento from Southampton heads the ball home!
41	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
41	Nathan Redmond from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
41	Theo Walcott from Southampton chips the ball into the penalty box.
40	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
40	Ball possession: Southampton: 55%, Burnley: 45%.
40	Nathan Collins relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Valentino Livramento puts in a cross...
40	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
40	Burnley is in control of the ball.
40	Mohamed Elyounoussi puts in a cross...
40	Southampton is trying to create something here.
39	POST! So nearly a goal by Valentino Livramento but his finish hits the post!
39	Southampton is trying to create something here.
39	A shot by Dwight McNeil is blocked.
39	Dwight McNeil from Burnley plays a cheeky 1-2 with Josh Brownhill.
39	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
38	Goal kick for Burnley.
38	How did he miss that? Nathan Redmond has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
38	Armando Broja from Southampton successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
38	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
38	Josh Brownhill from Burnley makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
38	Danger! Dwight McNeil from Burnley successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
37	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
37	Goal kick for Burnley.
37	How did he miss that? Theo Walcott has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
36	Nathan Redmond puts in a cross...
36	Nathan Redmond from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
36	The referee signals a free kick as Jan Bednarek from Southampton trips Josh Brownhill
35	Nathan Redmond from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
35	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Ball possession: Southampton: 57%, Burnley: 43%.
35	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
34	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
34	Burnley is trying to create something here.
34	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Danger averted there as Oriol Romeu from Southampton clears the danger with a good tackle
34	A chance opens up as Jack Cork from Burnley successfully finds a team mate in the area...
34	Maxwel Cornet puts in a cross...
34	Armando Broja relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley swings in the corner from the right.
33	Chris Wood's shot takes a wicked deflection but the goalkeeper just reaches it and saves for a corner. Close save!
33	Dwight McNeil from Burnley chips the ball into the penalty box.
33	Goal kick for Burnley.
33	The game is restarted.
32	Mohamed Elyounoussi is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
32	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
31	Romain Perraud from Southampton fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
31	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Ball possession: Southampton: 54%, Burnley: 46%.
30	Dwight McNeil from Burnley directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
30	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
30	Danger! Josh Brownhill from Burnley successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
29	Goal kick for Burnley.
29	A chance presents itself to Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton but his header goes wide
29	Oriol Romeu puts in a cross...
29	Southampton is trying to create something here.
29	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Nathan Collins relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Valentino Livramento puts in a cross...
28	Theo Walcott from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
28	A chance opens up as Nathan Redmond from Southampton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
28	Valentino Livramento from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
28	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
28	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Romain Perraud from Southampton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
27	Southampton is trying to create something here.
27	The match is being played at a slow tempo with neither side having the upper hand
26	Goal kick for Burnley.
26	A shot by Armando Broja is blocked.
26	Valentino Livramento puts in a cross...
25	Southampton is trying to create something here.
25	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
25	Ball possession: Southampton: 45%, Burnley: 55%.
24	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Burnley is trying to create something here.
24	The referee signals a free kick as Maxwel Cornet from Burnley trips Valentino Livramento
23	Southampton is trying to create something here.
23	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
23	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
23	The referee signals a free kick as Nathan Redmond from Southampton trips Jack Cork
22	Romain Perraud from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
22	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
22	Armando Broja from Southampton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
22	Valentino Livramento from Southampton sends a deflected cross into the box.
22	Southampton is trying to create something here.
21	Southampton is trying to create something here.
20	Southampton is in control of the ball.
20	Burnley is trying to create something here.
20	Ball possession: Southampton: 39%, Burnley: 61%.
19	The ref blows his whistle. Oriol Romeu charged Maxwel Cornet from behind and it's a free-kick
19	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	The referee signals a free kick as Jack Cork from Burnley trips Ibrahima Diallo
18	Burnley is trying to create something here.
18	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
17	Charlie Taylor clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
17	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
16	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
16	Chris Wood from Burnley had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
16	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
16	Burnley with a potentially dangerous attack.
16	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
16	Poor play by Valentino Livramento as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
16	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
15	Goal kick for Southampton.
15	Ball possession: Southampton: 52%, Burnley: 48%.
15	Matthew Lowton from Burnley crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
15	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Burnley managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
13	Matthew Lowton provided the assist for the goal.
13	GOOOOOAAL! - Maxwel Cornet from Burnley heads the ball home!
13	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
13	Burnley is trying to create something here.
12	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
11	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Burnley is trying to create something here.
10	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
10	Great vision by Charlie Taylor from Burnley as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
10	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
10	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Ball possession: Southampton: 47%, Burnley: 53%.
10	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	The referee signals a free kick as Dwight McNeil from Burnley trips Romain Perraud
9	Southampton is in control of the ball.
8	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Theo Walcott from Southampton is ruled offside.
7	Nathan Redmond from Southampton chips the ball into the penalty box.
7	Southampton is trying to create something here.
7	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
6	Mohamed Elyounoussi puts in a cross...
6	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Nick Pope from Burnley fails to clear the ball properly and gives away a throw-in to the opponent team.
5	Burnley is in control of the ball.
5	Nathan Collins from Burnley is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
5	Ball possession: Southampton: 50%, Burnley: 50%.
4	Dangerous challenge by Nathan Collins from Burnley. Alex McCarthy on the receiving end of that.
4	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
4	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
3	Oriol Romeu is penalised for pushing Josh Brownhill.
3	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	The referee signals a free kick as Armando Broja from Southampton trips Charlie Taylor
2	Nathan Collins relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Oriol Romeu puts in a cross...
1	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
1	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
1	Southampton is trying to create something here.
1	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Southampton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to St. Mary's Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Mason Mount from Chelsea is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
94	Chelsea with a deserved victory after a fine display
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 40113.
94	Ball possession: Chelsea: 62%, Norwich: 38%.
94	Hakim Ziyech fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
94	Ross Barkley of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
94	Mason Mount swings in a cross from the free kick.
93	The referee signals a free kick as Andrew Omobamidele from Norwich trips Hakim Ziyech
93	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
93	The referee signals a free kick as Teemu Pukki from Norwich trips Ross Barkley
92	Thats the third goal by Mason Mount. He walks off with the ball as a reminder of his glorious hattrick.
92	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
92	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
91	Ruben Loftus-Cheek provided the assist for the goal.
91	GOOOOOAAL! - Mason Mount scores with the right foot!
91	A chance opens up as Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
91	Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea plays a cheeky 1-2 with Hakim Ziyech.
91	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea is ruled offside.
90	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Milot Rashica from Norwich trips Mason Mount
90	Ball possession: Chelsea: 62%, Norwich: 38%.
89	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Ben Chilwell is penalised for pushing Milot Rashica.
88	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
88	Norwich is trying to create something here.
87	Mateo Kovacic hand-balls.
86	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
86	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Ball possession: Chelsea: 61%, Norwich: 39%.
85	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Mason Mount from Chelsea puts it away from the penalty spot in the middle with the right foot. Tim Krul jumped on the right.
84	VAR - RETAKE PENALTY! - VAR check in progress. The referee will check the execution of the penalty taken by Chelsea.
84	Mason Mount from Chelsea was not successful from the penalty spot.
83	Yellow card for Mathias Normann.
83	PENALTY! - Mathias Normann handles the ball in the penalty box! Heavy protests from Mathias Normann but the ref is uninterested.
83	After VAR check, the referee changed the call and decided to award a penalty for Chelsea!
82	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
81	A shot by Antonio Ruediger is blocked.
81	Mateo Kovacic goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
81	Tim Krul relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
80	It's a good hit from long range by Hakim Ziyech who forces a save from Tim Krul. Corner kick.
80	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea takes a short corner kick from the right.
80	Should have been a goal! Ross Barkley gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Tim Krul!
80	A chance opens up as Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
80	Ball possession: Chelsea: 61%, Norwich: 39%.
80	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Andrew Omobamidele relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Ruben Loftus-Cheek tests Tim Krul with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
79	Ben Chilwell of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
79	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
79	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
78	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
78	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
77	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
76	Antonio Ruediger is penalised for pushing Milot Rashica.
76	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
75	Goal kick for Norwich.
75	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
75	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: Chelsea: 60%, Norwich: 40%.
75	Norwich is in control of the ball.
74	Goal kick for Norwich.
74	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Teemu Pukki from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
73	Goal kick for Norwich.
72	Ben Chilwell fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
72	Mason Mount from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
71	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
71	Goal kick for Norwich.
71	Ross Barkley fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
71	Hakim Ziyech of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
70	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
70	Ball possession: Chelsea: 58%, Norwich: 42%.
70	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Kai Havertz is leaving the field to be replaced by Ross Barkley in a tactical substitution.
70	Callum Hudson-Odoi is leaving the field to be replaced by Hakim Ziyech in a tactical substitution.
69	Joshua Sargent is leaving the field to be replaced by Andrew Omobamidele in a tactical substitution.
69	Norwich is in control of the ball.
69	Kai Havertz from Chelsea had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
69	A chance opens up as Mason Mount from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
68	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
68	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
67	Mathias Normann from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
67	Norwich is trying to create something here.
67	Ruben Loftus-Cheek from Chelsea tries a long distance effort. The shot is helped on by an awkward deflection but Tim Krul is alert and saves it.
67	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
66	The referee signals a free kick as Teemu Pukki from Norwich trips Reece James
66	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: Chelsea: 59%, Norwich: 41%.
65	RED-CARD! - Ben Gibson receives his second yellow card and is sent off!
65	Reckless challenge there. Ben Gibson commits a rough foul on Reece James
64	The referee signals a free kick as Mathias Normann from Norwich trips Mateo Kovacic
64	Jorginho is leaving the field to be replaced by Ruben Loftus-Cheek in a tactical substitution.
62	OGOWN GOAL - Max Aarons sends the ball into his own net!
62	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
62	A chance opens up as Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
62	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
61	Norwich is trying to create something here.
61	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	Mathias Normann from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
60	A shot by Mathias Normann is blocked.
60	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: Chelsea: 61%, Norwich: 39%.
60	The ref blows his whistle. Antonio Ruediger charged Joshua Sargent from behind and it's a free-kick
59	Norwich is in control of the ball.
59	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Mateo Kovacic provided the assist for the goal.
57	GOOOOOAAL! - Ben Chilwell scores with the left foot!
57	A chance opens up as Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
57	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
56	Norwich is in control of the ball.
56	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
56	Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
56	Reece James swings in a cross from the free kick.
55	Yellow card for Ben Gibson.
55	Obstruction as Ben Gibson cuts off the run of Kai Havertz. A free-kick is awarded.
55	Ball possession: Chelsea: 61%, Norwich: 39%.
55	Goal kick for Chelsea.
54	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
54	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
54	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Edouard Mendy saved a certain goal there! Milot Rashica found himself in a great scoring position but Edouard Mendy denied him with a great save
54	CHANCE! Milot Rashica finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
54	Ben Chilwell could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
53	Milot Rashica is penalised for pushing Jorginho.
53	Tim Krul relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
52	Kai Havertz sees his shot deflected off target
52	Danger! Jorginho from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
52	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
52	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
52	Mateo Kovacic puts in a cross...
51	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
50	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
50	That's a great ball by Mathias Normann from Norwich. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
50	Ball possession: Chelsea: 62%, Norwich: 38%.
49	Norwich is trying to create something here.
49	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
48	Mateo Kovacic is penalised for pushing Mathias Normann.
48	The referee signals a free kick as Ben Chilwell from Chelsea trips Max Aarons
47	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
47	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Norwich is in control of the ball.
46	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
46	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
46	Pierre Lees-Melou is leaving the field to be replaced by Milot Rashica in a tactical substitution.
46	Dimitrios Giannoulis is leaving the field to be replaced by Brandon Williams in a tactical substitution.
46	Norwich is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
47	Chelsea has been the better team in this half
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Chelsea: 61%, Norwich: 39%.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Mason Mount is penalised for pushing Ben Gibson.
45	Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich is booked after several commited fouls.
45	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich trips Ben Chilwell
45	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
45	Ball possession: Chelsea: 63%, Norwich: 37%.
45	Dimitrios Giannoulis hand-balls.
44	Goal kick for Norwich.
44	Mason Mount fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
43	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
43	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich trips Thiago Silva
42	Mason Mount provided the assist for the goal.
42	GOOOOOAAL! - An excellent lob by Reece James from Chelsea with the right foot.
42	Danger! Mason Mount from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
42	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
41	The match is very one-sided right now. Chelsea are clearly dominating possession
41	Norwich is in control of the ball.
41	The referee signals a free kick as Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea trips Pierre Lees-Melou
41	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
41	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Jorginho from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
40	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
40	Ball possession: Chelsea: 62%, Norwich: 38%.
40	Norwich is in control of the ball.
39	Good effort by Kai Havertz as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
39	A chance opens up as Mason Mount from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
39	Chelsea start a counter attack.
39	Danger averted there as Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea clears the danger with a good tackle
39	Teemu Pukki from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
39	Norwich is trying to create something here.
39	Jorginho from Chelsea passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
38	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
38	Norwich is in control of the ball.
37	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
37	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
37	Ozan Kabak fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
37	Ben Chilwell relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Ben Gibson puts in a cross...
36	Norwich is in control of the ball.
35	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
35	Ball possession: Chelsea: 65%, Norwich: 35%.
34	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Kenny McLean
33	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
33	Norwich is in control of the ball.
33	A shot from Antonio Ruediger takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
33	Chelsea with a potentially dangerous attack.
32	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Ben Chilwell puts in a cross...
32	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
31	Norwich is in control of the ball.
31	The referee signals a free kick as Mason Mount from Chelsea trips Dimitrios Giannoulis
31	Good effort by Mason Mount as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
31	A chance opens up as Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea successfully finds a team mate in the area...
31	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
30	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
30	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
30	Pierre Lees-Melou puts in a cross...
30	Norwich is in control of the ball.
30	Ball possession: Chelsea: 63%, Norwich: 37%.
29	The referee signals a free kick as Jorginho from Chelsea trips Mathias Normann
29	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
28	Ben Chilwell relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Dimitrios Giannoulis puts in a cross...
28	Norwich is trying to create something here.
28	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
28	Norwich is in control of the ball.
27	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
27	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Callum Hudson-Odoi puts in a cross...
27	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Mason Mount puts in a cross...
26	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea takes a short corner kick from the right.
26	Reece James from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
26	Danger! Jorginho from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
26	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
25	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Ball possession: Chelsea: 61%, Norwich: 39%.
25	The referee signals a free kick as Kai Havertz from Chelsea trips Grant Hanley
24	Norwich is in control of the ball.
24	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
23	A shot by Antonio Ruediger is blocked.
23	Poor play by Grant Hanley as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
23	Ben Chilwell swings in a cross from the free kick.
22	The referee signals a free kick as Grant Hanley from Norwich trips Kai Havertz
22	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
22	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Norwich is in control of the ball.
21	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
20	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
20	That's a great ball by Mathias Normann from Norwich. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
20	Ball possession: Chelsea: 61%, Norwich: 39%.
20	Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
19	Norwich is trying to create something here.
18	Mateo Kovacic provided the assist for the goal.
18	GOOOOOAAL! - Callum Hudson-Odoi scores with the right foot!
18	Mateo Kovacic carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
18	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
17	Mathias Normann is penalised for pushing Jorginho.
17	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
17	Pierre Lees-Melou puts in a cross...
16	Norwich is in control of the ball.
16	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich trips Ben Chilwell
15	Norwich with a potentially dangerous attack.
15	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
15	Ball possession: Chelsea: 62%, Norwich: 38%.
14	Norwich is in control of the ball.
14	Goal kick for Norwich.
13	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
13	Jorginho from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
13	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
12	Joshua Sargent relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Mason Mount from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
12	Kai Havertz from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
12	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
11	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Norwich is in control of the ball.
11	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	Ben Chilwell puts in a cross...
11	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
11	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Norwich is in control of the ball.
10	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Chelsea: 73%, Norwich: 27%.
9	Ben Chilwell is penalised for pushing Max Aarons.
9	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	Norwich is in control of the ball.
8	Jorginho provided the assist for the goal.
8	GOOOOOAAL! - Mason Mount scores with the right foot!
8	Jorginho of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
8	Poor play by Ben Gibson as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
8	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
7	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
7	Norwich is in control of the ball.
7	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
7	That's a great ball by Jorginho from Chelsea. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
6	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
6	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
6	Norwich is trying to create something here.
6	Ball possession: Chelsea: 75%, Norwich: 25%.
5	Antonio Ruediger shoots from outside the box, but Tim Krul has it under control
5	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
5	Norwich is in control of the ball.
5	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
4	Jorginho from Chelsea crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
4	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
4	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Kai Havertz from Chelsea passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
3	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
3	Norwich is in control of the ball.
2	Ben Chilwell from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Max Aarons
2	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
2	The ref blows his whistle. Mathias Normann charged Jorginho from behind and it's a free-kick
1	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Chelsea kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Stamford Bridge, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Arsenal with a deserved victory after a fine display
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
95	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Goal kick for Arsenal.
95	Ball possession: Arsenal: 54%, Aston Villa: 46%.
94	Leon Bailey goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
93	The referee signals a free kick as Nuno Tavares from Arsenal trips Leon Bailey
92	Dangerous challenge by Ainsley Maitland-Niles from Arsenal. John McGinn on the receiving end of that.
92	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Goal kick for Arsenal.
91	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
91	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is leaving the field to be replaced by Gabriel Martinelli in a tactical substitution.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa sends an effort wide of target
90	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
90	Ball possession: Arsenal: 55%, Aston Villa: 45%.
89	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
88	Could be a good chance here as Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
88	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Ainsley Maitland-Niles relieves the pressure with a clearance
87	Matty Cash swings in a cross from the free kick.
87	Nuno Tavares fouls Matty Cash.
87	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	The game is restarted.
86	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
86	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Arsenal: 54%, Aston Villa: 46%.
85	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
85	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
84	The referee is not having the complaints from Douglas Luiz who is given a yellow card for dissent
84	The referee signals a free kick as Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal trips Douglas Luiz
84	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
84	Goal kick for Arsenal.
83	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
82	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
82	A great goal by Jacob Ramsey
82	Leon Bailey provided the assist for the goal.
82	GOOOOOAAL! - Jacob Ramsey scores with the right foot!
82	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
81	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	Matt Targett from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Bukayo Saka
81	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Matt Targett relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Emile Smith-Rowe puts in a cross...
80	Ball possession: Arsenal: 54%, Aston Villa: 46%.
79	Martin Oedegaard sends a direct free kick on target, but the keeper saves it.
79	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Bukayo Saka
78	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
77	Danny Ings is leaving the field to be replaced by Anwar El-Ghazi in a tactical substitution.
77	Tyrone Mings is penalised for pushing Ben White.
77	John McGinn puts in a cross...
76	Thomas fouls John McGinn.
76	Takehiro Tomiyasu relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
76	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
75	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: Arsenal: 55%, Aston Villa: 45%.
74	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Ollie Watkins puts in a cross...
74	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
74	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
74	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal chips the ball into the penalty box.
74	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
74	Arsenal start a counter attack.
73	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
73	Albert Sambi Lokonga is leaving the field to be replaced by Ainsley Maitland-Niles in a tactical substitution.
73	A chance presents itself to Thomas from Arsenal but his header goes wide
73	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
72	Ezri Konsa clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
72	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
72	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box.
72	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
71	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang releases a shot, it's parried by Emiliano Martinez but he can't hold onto it...
71	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
71	Leon Bailey shoots from outside the box, but Aaron Ramsdale has it under control
71	Albert Sambi Lokonga could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
70	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
70	Ball possession: Arsenal: 55%, Aston Villa: 45%.
70	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
69	Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
69	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
68	The game is restarted.
68	Emiliano Buendia is leaving the field to be replaced by Jacob Ramsey in a tactical substitution.
68	Alexandre Lacazette is injured and is replaced by Martin Oedegaard.
67	Alexandre Lacazette is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
67	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
66	After a tactical foul, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
66	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang fouls Douglas Luiz.
66	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
66	Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
66	Some neat football here as Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal plays a 1-2 with Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang.
66	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: Arsenal: 54%, Aston Villa: 46%.
65	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
65	Could be a good chance here as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
65	Arsenal start a counter attack.
64	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
64	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
64	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
63	The referee signals a free kick as Danny Ings from Aston Villa trips Gabriel
63	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
63	Emiliano Buendia puts in a cross...
63	Alexandre Lacazette relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Matt Targett from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
62	Aaron Ramsdale from Arsenal makes a great save.
62	Should have been a goal! Emiliano Buendia gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Aaron Ramsdale!
62	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
62	Gabriel fouls Leon Bailey.
61	A shot by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is blocked.
61	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
61	Today's attendance is 59496.
60	The referee shows Matt Targett the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
60	The referee signals a free kick as Matt Targett from Aston Villa trips Bukayo Saka
60	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Ball possession: Arsenal: 54%, Aston Villa: 46%.
60	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
59	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
59	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
59	A shot by Ollie Watkins is blocked.
59	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
58	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
56	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang provided the assist for the goal.
56	GOAL! - Emile Smith-Rowe score from a shot with the right foot, that takes a deflection.
56	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
56	Could be a good chance here as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
56	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
55	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
55	That's a great ball by Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
55	Ball possession: Arsenal: 54%, Aston Villa: 46%.
55	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
54	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Dangerous challenge by Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa. Thomas on the receiving end of that.
53	Good effort by Albert Sambi Lokonga as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
53	Great defending by Matt Targett from Aston Villa to prevent his team conceding a goal.
53	A shot by Bukayo Saka is blocked.
53	Albert Sambi Lokonga carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
53	Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
52	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
52	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Emile Smith-Rowe relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	John McGinn puts in a cross...
51	John McGinn from Aston Villa takes a short corner kick from the left.
51	John McGinn sees his shot deflected off target
51	A shot by Danny Ings is blocked.
51	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box.
51	Nuno Tavares relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Matt Targett from Aston Villa sends a deflected cross into the box.
50	Ball possession: Arsenal: 55%, Aston Villa: 45%.
50	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
50	Bukayo Saka fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
50	Matty Cash relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
49	Albert Sambi Lokonga sees his shot deflected off target
49	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang puts in a cross...
49	Arsenal start a counter attack.
49	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
48	Takehiro Tomiyasu relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Matt Targett from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
47	Ollie Watkins forces a good save from Aaron Ramsdale who turns the ball behind for a corner!
47	Could be a good chance here as Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
47	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
46	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Aston Villa with an attacking substitution here.
46	Axel Tuanzebe is leaving the field to be replaced by Leon Bailey in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
53	Arsenal has been the better team in this half
53	It's over! The referee blows for half time
53	Ball possession: Arsenal: 56%, Aston Villa: 44%.
52	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
51	GOOOOOAAL! - Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the left!
51	PENHE MISSES! - Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang takes the spot-kick but Emiliano Martinez blocks it!
50	Ball possession: Arsenal: 56%, Aston Villa: 44%.
50	PENALTY - Matt Targett from Aston Villa concedes a penalty for tripping Alexandre Lacazette.
50	After VAR check, the referee changed the call and decided to award a penalty for Arsenal!
49	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
49	Great vision by John McGinn from Aston Villa as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
48	Alexandre Lacazette puts in a cross...
48	Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
48	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
48	Matt Targett relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
47	Nuno Tavares puts in a cross...
47	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
47	John McGinn swings in a cross from the free kick.
46	After a tactical foul, Albert Sambi Lokonga sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
46	Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal goes a bit too far there as the pulls down John McGinn
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
45	A chance presents itself to Thomas from Arsenal but his header goes wide
45	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
45	Ball possession: Arsenal: 55%, Aston Villa: 45%.
44	Axel Tuanzebe clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
44	Could be a good chance here as Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
44	Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
44	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
43	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
43	Emiliano Buendia puts in a cross...
43	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
42	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
41	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
40	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
40	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Ball possession: Arsenal: 55%, Aston Villa: 45%.
39	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
38	Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
37	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
37	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Dangerous challenge by Nuno Tavares from Arsenal. Emiliano Buendia on the receiving end of that.
36	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
36	Nuno Tavares shoots from outside the box, but Emiliano Martinez has it under control
36	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
35	Ball possession: Arsenal: 52%, Aston Villa: 48%.
35	Ezri Konsa relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
34	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
32	The referee shows John McGinn the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
32	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Albert Sambi Lokonga
32	Nuno Tavares fouls Douglas Luiz.
31	Alexandre Lacazette is penalised for pushing Emiliano Martinez.
31	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
31	Emiliano Martinez from Aston Villa makes a great save.
31	Should have been a goal! Bukayo Saka gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Emiliano Martinez!
31	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box.
31	Could be a good chance here as Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
30	Arsenal start a counter attack.
30	Ball possession: Arsenal: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
30	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
29	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Matt Targett from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
29	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
28	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	The referee runs back to show Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa a yellow card for the previous foul.
27	The match is very one-sided right now. Arsenal are clearly dominating possession
27	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
26	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa concedes a foul on Alexandre Lacazette but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
26	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
26	Bukayo Saka is penalised for pushing Tyrone Mings.
25	Goal kick for Arsenal.
25	Ball possession: Arsenal: 62%, Aston Villa: 38%.
25	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Matt Targett from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
25	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
24	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
23	Arsenal managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
23	Emile Smith-Rowe provided the assist for the goal.
23	GOOOOOAAL! - Thomas from Arsenal heads the ball home!
23	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
22	Nuno Tavares sees his shot deflected off target
22	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
21	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
21	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
20	Ball possession: Arsenal: 58%, Aston Villa: 42%.
20	SITTER! Thomas misses a clear cut opportunity as his volley hits the post!
20	Poor play by Tyrone Mings as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
20	Bukayo Saka swings in a cross from the free kick.
19	Tyrone Mings is penalised for pushing Bukayo Saka.
19	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
18	Matty Cash from Aston Villa crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
18	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
18	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
17	Takehiro Tomiyasu fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
17	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
17	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal is ruled offside.
15	Ball possession: Arsenal: 58%, Aston Villa: 42%.
15	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
14	That's a great ball by Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
14	The match resumes with a drop ball.
13	Alexandre Lacazette is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
13	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
12	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
12	The referee signals a free kick as Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal trips John McGinn
12	A shot by Emile Smith-Rowe is blocked.
12	Poor play by Matt Targett as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
11	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
11	Matt Targett clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
11	Nuno Tavares puts in a cross...
11	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
10	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
10	Nuno Tavares relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
10	Ball possession: Arsenal: 61%, Aston Villa: 39%.
10	Ben White clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
10	Matty Cash from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
10	John McGinn from Aston Villa sends a deflected cross into the box.
9	Thomas is penalised for pushing Ollie Watkins.
9	Alexandre Lacazette fouls Ezri Konsa.
8	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	The game is restarted.
7	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
7	Obstruction as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang cuts off the run of Emiliano Martinez. A free-kick is awarded.
7	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box, but Emiliano Martinez runs out to collect the ball
7	Emile Smith-Rowe of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
6	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
6	Thomas is penalised for pushing Emiliano Buendia.
5	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
5	Ball possession: Arsenal: 82%, Aston Villa: 18%.
5	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal sends an effort wide of target
5	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
5	Matty Cash could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
4	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
4	Bukayo Saka goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
4	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang send an audacious bicycle-kick wide of goal
4	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box.
3	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
2	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
2	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
2	The game is restarted.
2	The referee shows Ollie Watkins the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
1	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
1	The referee signals a free kick as Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa trips Gabriel
1	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Arsenal kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Emirates Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
97	Today's attendance is 41951.
97	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 48%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 52%.
97	John McGinn from Aston Villa takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
97	The referee signals a free kick as Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Ollie Watkins
96	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 48%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 52%.
95	GOOOOOAAL!! - Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers scores after his effort with the right foot is deflected past the goalkeeper.
93	The referee signals a free kick as Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa trips Adama Traore
93	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
93	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
92	Daniel Podence puts in a cross...
92	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	Fabio Silva is penalised for pushing Axel Tuanzebe.
91	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 48%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 52%.
90	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
90	A chance presents itself to Danny Ings from Aston Villa but his header goes wide
90	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
89	Fabio Silva clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
89	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
89	Adama Traore clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
89	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
88	Yellow card for Leander Dendoncker.
88	The referee signals a free kick as Leander Dendoncker from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips John McGinn
88	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
88	Hee-Chan Hwang is leaving the field to be replaced by Raul Jimenez in a tactical substitution.
87	John McGinn swings in a cross from the free kick.
87	The referee signals a free kick as Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Jacob Ramsey
86	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 49%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 51%.
86	Conor Coady from Wolverhampton Wanderers is very pleased with the goal and can't stop celebrating. The referee sees no other way than to book him.
85	Leander Dendoncker provided the assist for the goal.
85	GOOOOOAAL! - Conor Coady scores with the left foot!
85	Poor play by Axel Tuanzebe as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
85	Leander Dendoncker of Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball to a team mate.
85	Golden opportunity! Max Kilman wastes a huge chance as he only manages to hit the crossbar with a header!
85	Fabio Silva from Wolverhampton Wanderers heads the ball to a team mate.
85	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
85	Conor Coady from Wolverhampton Wanderers sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
85	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
84	Tyrone Mings is penalised for pushing Fabio Silva.
83	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
83	That's a great ball by Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
83	The referee signals a free kick as Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Ashley Young
82	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
81	Yellow card for Ollie Watkins.
81	Reckless challenge there. Ollie Watkins commits a rough foul on Max Kilman
80	Daniel Podence provided the assist for the goal.
80	GOOOOOAAL! - Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers taps the ball in with the left! An easy finish for Romain Saiss
80	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs a ball squarely in the box.
80	Danny Ings relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
80	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 49%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 51%.
80	Fabio Silva from Wolverhampton Wanderers sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
80	Ollie Watkins relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
79	Matty Cash is injured and is replaced by Ashley Young.
79	Fabio Silva from Wolverhampton Wanderers heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
79	Daniel Podence swings in a cross from the free kick.
78	Dangerous challenge by Marvelous Nakamba from Aston Villa. Ruben Neves on the receiving end of that.
78	Danny Ings relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
77	Axel Tuanzebe clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
77	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
77	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
77	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
76	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 49%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 51%.
76	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
75	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
75	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Fernando Marcal is leaving the field to be replaced by Fabio Silva in a tactical substitution.
74	Joao Moutinho is leaving the field to be replaced by Daniel Podence in a tactical substitution.
74	Emiliano Buendia is leaving the field to be replaced by Jacob Ramsey in a tactical substitution.
73	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
71	Matt Targett from Aston Villa crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
71	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 51%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 49%.
70	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
70	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
69	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
68	GOOOOOAAL!! - John McGinn from Aston Villa scores after his effort with the left foot is deflected past the goalkeeper.
68	A shot by Ollie Watkins is blocked.
68	Hee-Chan Hwang could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
67	Douglas Luiz is leaving the field to be replaced by Marvelous Nakamba in a tactical substitution.
67	The referee signals a free kick as Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Emiliano Buendia
67	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
66	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
66	Matty Cash goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
66	Great skill from Matty Cash as he dribbles past his opponents
65	John McGinn of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
65	John McGinn from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
65	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 53%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 47%.
65	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
64	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
63	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
63	Ezri Konsa relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
63	Tyrone Mings clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
63	Adama Traore puts in a cross...
63	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
62	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
62	Obstruction as Matt Targett cuts off the run of Nelson Semedo. A free-kick is awarded.
61	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa receives a yellow card for time wasting.
61	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 54%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 46%.
60	The referee signals a free kick as Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Ollie Watkins
60	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
60	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
59	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
59	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
59	Douglas Luiz swings in a cross from the free kick.
58	Romain Saiss is penalised for pushing Ollie Watkins.
58	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
57	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
56	Leander Dendoncker fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
56	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
56	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
55	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
55	A shot by Ollie Watkins is blocked.
55	Great skill from Ollie Watkins as he dribbles past his opponents
54	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
54	A shot by Adama Traore is blocked.
54	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
54	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
53	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
53	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
53	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
52	Yellow card for Ruben Neves.
52	Reckless challenge there. Ruben Neves commits a rough foul on Ollie Watkins
51	Joao Moutinho could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
51	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
51	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
51	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
51	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	The game is restarted.
51	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
50	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
50	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
50	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 55%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 45%.
50	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	John McGinn provided the assist for the goal.
48	GOOOOOAAL! - Danny Ings from Aston Villa heads the ball home!
48	John McGinn from Aston Villa puts in a great cross...
48	Matt Targett from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Matt Targett from Aston Villa sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
47	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Danny Ings puts in a cross...
47	Adama Traore is penalised for pushing Ezri Konsa.
46	The second half is underway.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 56%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 44%.
48	The referee signals a free kick as Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Douglas Luiz
48	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
47	Matty Cash from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
46	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers is ruled offside.
45	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Romain Saiss puts in a cross...
45	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 56%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 44%.
45	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
44	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
44	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
44	Matty Cash from Aston Villa sends an effort wide of target
43	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
43	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
43	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
43	Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
42	Joao Moutinho puts in a cross...
42	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the right.
42	Wolverhampton Wanderers with a potentially dangerous attack.
41	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 56%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 44%.
41	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	The referee signals a free kick as Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa trips Max Kilman
40	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Matt Targett from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
39	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
38	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
37	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
37	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
36	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
36	Danny Ings relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
35	Tyrone Mings clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
35	Fernando Marcal puts in a cross...
35	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 56%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 44%.
35	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
34	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
34	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
33	Ezri Konsa is penalised for pushing Romain Saiss.
33	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
33	Matty Cash from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
32	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
32	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
31	Emiliano Martinez saved a certain goal there! Adama Traore found himself in a great scoring position but Emiliano Martinez denied him with a great save
31	Great skill from Adama Traore as he dribbles past his opponents
31	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
31	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
31	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 56%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 44%.
30	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
29	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
29	John McGinn from Aston Villa sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
29	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
28	Fernando Marcal relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
27	Should have been a goal! Danny Ings gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Jose Sa!
27	CHANCE! Danny Ings finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
27	Emiliano Buendia carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
27	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
26	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
26	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
26	Douglas Luiz swings in a cross from the free kick.
26	Dangerous challenge by Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers. Emiliano Buendia on the receiving end of that.
25	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 60%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 40%.
25	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
24	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
24	The referee signals a free kick as Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Emiliano Buendia
23	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
23	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
23	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
22	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
22	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
22	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
22	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
21	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
21	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 62%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 38%.
21	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
20	Hee-Chan Hwang is penalised for pushing Tyrone Mings.
20	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
19	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to play a 1-2 with Leander Dendoncker, but the ball is intercepted.
19	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers is ruled offside.
17	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
16	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
16	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
16	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 60%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 40%.
15	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Adama Traore
14	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
14	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
14	John McGinn from Aston Villa tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
14	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
13	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
13	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Emiliano Buendia
12	Axel Tuanzebe relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Nelson Semedo puts in a cross...
12	Ezri Konsa sends a header towards goal, but Jose Sa is there to comfortably save it
12	Matt Targett from Aston Villa heads the ball to a team mate.
12	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Matty Cash from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
11	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 81%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 19%.
11	Ruben Neves comes back onto the field.
10	The match resumes with a drop ball.
10	Ruben Neves is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
8	Ruben Neves is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
7	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
7	Leander Dendoncker from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
6	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
6	Good effort by Matty Cash as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
6	Matty Cash from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
6	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ball possession: Aston Villa: 63%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 37%.
4	Hee-Chan Hwang has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
4	Ezri Konsa could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
4	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
3	Adama Traore is penalised for pushing Ezri Konsa.
3	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
3	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
2	Emiliano Buendia fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
2	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
2	Adama Traore is penalised for pushing Ezri Konsa.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Wolverhampton Wanderers kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Villa Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Leicester with a deserved victory after a fine display
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 32219.
96	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
96	Scott McTominay shoots from outside the box, but Kasper Schmeichel has it under control
96	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
95	Ball possession: Leicester: 48%, Manchester United: 52%.
95	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
94	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
94	Leicester is in control of the ball.
93	Victor Lindelof from Manchester United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jamie Vardy
93	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
93	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
93	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
91	GOAL! It's an easy finish as Patson Daka from Leicester taps the ball into an open goal with the right foot!
91	Poor play by Victor Lindelof as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
91	Youri Tielemans swings in a cross from the free kick.
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United trips Jamie Vardy
90	Ball possession: Leicester: 49%, Manchester United: 51%.
90	Goal kick for Leicester.
89	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United sends an effort wide of target
89	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
89	Jesse Lingard shoots from outside the box, but Kasper Schmeichel has it under control
88	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
88	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Jonny Evans is leaving the field to be replaced by Jannik Vestergaard in a tactical substitution.
86	Yellow card for Paul Pogba.
86	Paul Pogba from Manchester United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Patson Daka
86	Goal kick for Manchester United.
86	Jamie Vardy has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
86	Ayoze Perez has a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind for a corner kick by the keeper!
86	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
86	Paul Pogba relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Youri Tielemans from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
85	Ball possession: Leicester: 49%, Manchester United: 51%.
85	The referee runs back to show Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United a yellow card for the previous foul.
85	Ricardo Pereira sees his shot deflected off target
85	Ricardo Pereira from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
84	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
83	Ayoze Perez provided the assist for the goal.
83	GOOOOOAAL! - Jamie Vardy scores with the right foot!
83	Ayoze Perez of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
83	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
82	Victor Lindelof provided the assist for the goal.
82	GOOOOOAAL! - Marcus Rashford scores with the right foot!
82	CHANCE! Marcus Rashford finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
82	Victor Lindelof sends a long ball upfield.
82	Goal kick for Manchester United.
82	How did he miss that? Ricardo Pereira has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
82	Youri Tielemans of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
82	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
82	Leicester start a counter attack.
81	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
81	The referee signals a free kick as Ricardo Pereira from Leicester trips Paul Pogba
81	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Ball possession: Leicester: 49%, Manchester United: 51%.
80	Mason Greenwood is leaving the field to be replaced by Jesse Lingard in a tactical substitution.
80	Nemanja Matic is leaving the field to be replaced by Scott McTominay in a tactical substitution.
78	Ayoze Perez provided the assist for the goal.
78	GOOOOOAAL! - Caglar Soyuncu from Leicester taps the ball in with the left! An easy finish for Caglar Soyuncu
78	Ricardo Pereira releases a shot, it's parried by David De Gea but he can't hold onto it...
78	Youri Tielemans from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
78	Harry Maguire clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
78	A shot from Patson Daka is parried by the keeper and goes back into play.
78	Could be a good chance here as Jamie Vardy from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
78	Leicester is trying to create something here.
77	Kelechi Iheanacho is leaving the field to be replaced by Patson Daka in a tactical substitution.
77	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United is ruled offside.
77	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United directs a ball squarely in the box.
77	Manchester United start a counter attack.
77	Victor Lindelof relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Youri Tielemans from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
76	Youri Tielemans forces a good save from David De Gea who turns the ball behind for a corner!
76	Leicester is trying to create something here.
75	Nemanja Matic could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
75	Jamie Vardy from Leicester is ruled offside.
75	Ball possession: Leicester: 49%, Manchester United: 51%.
75	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Daniel Amartey comes back onto the field.
73	James Maddison is leaving the field to be replaced by Ayoze Perez in a tactical substitution.
73	Kelechi Iheanacho is penalised for pushing Harry Maguire.
73	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Goal kick for Leicester.
72	The game is restarted.
72	Daniel Amartey is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
71	Daniel Amartey is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
70	Ball possession: Leicester: 51%, Manchester United: 49%.
70	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
70	Luke Shaw from Manchester United crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
70	Ricardo Pereira relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Aaron Wan-Bissaka puts in a cross...
69	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
69	Bruno Fernandes fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
68	Marcus Rashford from Manchester United sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
67	Paul Pogba is penalised for pushing Youri Tielemans.
67	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
66	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
66	Youri Tielemans fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
66	James Maddison from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
66	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Ball possession: Leicester: 50%, Manchester United: 50%.
65	Jadon Sancho is leaving the field to be replaced by Marcus Rashford in a tactical substitution.
65	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United is ruled offside.
65	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
65	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
65	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
64	Ricardo Pereira from Leicester passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
64	Timothy Castagne puts in a cross...
64	Leicester is trying to create something here.
63	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
62	Leicester is in control of the ball.
62	Leicester is trying to create something here.
61	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
61	Aaron Wan-Bissaka puts in a cross...
61	Manchester United start a counter attack.
61	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
60	Victor Lindelof clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
60	Youri Tielemans puts in a cross...
60	Ball possession: Leicester: 49%, Manchester United: 51%.
59	The referee signals a free kick as Paul Pogba from Manchester United trips Boubakary Soumare
58	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Goal kick for Manchester United.
57	Youri Tielemans fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
57	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	The referee signals a free kick as Nemanja Matic from Manchester United trips James Maddison
56	The referee signals a free kick as Paul Pogba from Manchester United trips James Maddison
55	A shot by Paul Pogba is blocked.
55	Jamie Vardy from Leicester is ruled offside.
55	Goal kick for Leicester.
55	Ball possession: Leicester: 49%, Manchester United: 51%.
55	Nemanja Matic fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
55	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
54	Goal kick for Manchester United.
54	James Maddison from Leicester tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
54	James Maddison takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
52	Yellow card for Victor Lindelof.
52	Reckless challenge there. Victor Lindelof commits a rough foul on Jamie Vardy
52	Leicester is trying to create something here.
52	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Caglar Soyuncu from Leicester concedes a foul on Mason Greenwood but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
51	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
50	Ball possession: Leicester: 51%, Manchester United: 49%.
50	Mason Greenwood fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
49	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
49	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
49	Ricardo Pereira from Leicester crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
49	Leicester is trying to create something here.
48	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
48	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United sends an effort wide of target
48	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
48	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United is ruled offside.
46	Good effort by Kelechi Iheanacho as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
46	Leicester is trying to create something here.
46	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: Leicester: 51%, Manchester United: 49%.
49	Youri Tielemans from Leicester chips the ball into the penalty box.
48	Obstruction as Bruno Fernandes cuts off the run of James Maddison. A free-kick is awarded.
48	Leicester is in control of the ball.
47	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Ugh! Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United makes a dangerous play against an opponent.
46	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
46	Jadon Sancho from Manchester United passes the ball, but his teammate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
46	Cristiano Ronaldo of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
46	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Leicester: 51%, Manchester United: 49%.
45	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
44	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
44	Youri Tielemans from Leicester crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
44	Leicester is trying to create something here.
43	Leicester is in control of the ball.
43	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
42	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	The referee signals a free kick as Nemanja Matic from Manchester United trips James Maddison
41	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
40	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
40	Ball possession: Leicester: 47%, Manchester United: 53%.
40	Kelechi Iheanacho sends a shot inches wide. Close!
40	Leicester is trying to create something here.
39	Leicester is in control of the ball.
38	Leicester is in control of the ball.
38	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Ricardo Pereira from Leicester sends a deflected cross into the box.
37	The referee signals a free kick as Paul Pogba from Manchester United trips Kelechi Iheanacho
37	The game is restarted.
35	Ball possession: Leicester: 49%, Manchester United: 51%.
35	James Maddison is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
35	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
34	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
34	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
34	Luke Shaw puts in a cross...
34	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
33	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
32	Good individual effort from Youri Tielemans as he scores with a great finesse.
31	Kelechi Iheanacho provided the assist for the goal.
31	GOOOOOAAL! - An excellent lob by Youri Tielemans from Leicester with the right foot.
31	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
31	Kelechi Iheanacho of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
31	Harry Maguire could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
30	Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Paul Pogba
30	Goal kick for Leicester.
30	Ball possession: Leicester: 48%, Manchester United: 52%.
29	A chance presents itself to Harry Maguire from Manchester United but his header goes wide
29	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
29	Paul Pogba sees his shot deflected off target
29	Jadon Sancho of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
29	Bruno Fernandes of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
29	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
28	Cristiano Ronaldo releases a shot, it's parried by Kasper Schmeichel but he can't hold onto it...
28	Jadon Sancho of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
28	Jadon Sancho from Manchester United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
28	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
27	Goal kick for Manchester United.
27	Ricardo Pereira from Leicester sends a shot inches wide of the post. Close!
27	James Maddison from Leicester chips the ball into the penalty box.
27	Leicester is trying to create something here.
26	Leicester is in control of the ball.
26	Harry Maguire is penalised for pushing Kelechi Iheanacho.
25	Ball possession: Leicester: 53%, Manchester United: 47%.
25	Harry Maguire is penalised for pushing Jonny Evans.
24	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
24	Daniel Amartey clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
24	The referee signals a free kick as Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester trips Jadon Sancho
23	The game is restarted.
22	Boubakary Soumare is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
22	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
21	Jamie Vardy shoots from outside the box, but David De Gea has it under control
21	A shot by Kelechi Iheanacho is blocked.
21	A shot by Timothy Castagne is blocked.
21	Leicester start a counter attack.
21	Luke Shaw from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
20	Ball possession: Leicester: 57%, Manchester United: 43%.
20	A great goal by Mason Greenwood
19	Bruno Fernandes provided the assist for the goal.
19	GOOOOOAAL! - Mason Greenwood from Manchester United beats the keeper from outside the box with the left foot!
19	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
18	Goal kick for Leicester.
18	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
18	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
17	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
17	A chance presents itself to Paul Pogba from Manchester United but his header goes wide
17	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
16	Ricardo Pereira clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
16	Aaron Wan-Bissaka puts in a cross...
16	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Daniel Amartey relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	Mason Greenwood puts in a cross...
15	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
15	Ball possession: Leicester: 59%, Manchester United: 41%.
15	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
14	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Mason Greenwood shoots from outside the box, but Kasper Schmeichel has it under control
13	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
13	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
12	Leicester is in control of the ball.
11	The referee signals a free kick as Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United trips Jamie Vardy
11	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	Luke Shaw puts in a cross...
11	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
10	Ball possession: Leicester: 64%, Manchester United: 36%.
10	Good effort by James Maddison as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
10	Leicester is trying to create something here.
9	Jamie Vardy from Leicester tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
9	Youri Tielemans puts in a cross...
9	James Maddison from Leicester sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
9	Leicester with a potentially dangerous attack.
9	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	The referee signals a free kick as Paul Pogba from Manchester United trips Daniel Amartey
7	Paul Pogba from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
7	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
6	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Youri Tielemans from Leicester directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
6	James Maddison from Leicester find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
6	Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
6	Leicester start a counter attack.
5	Ball possession: Leicester: 58%, Manchester United: 42%.
5	Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Harry Maguire
5	Leicester is in control of the ball.
4	Jadon Sancho from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but Kasper Schmeichel comes out to smother the ball.
3	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
3	The referee signals a free kick as Nemanja Matic from Manchester United trips James Maddison
2	Leicester is in control of the ball.
2	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
1	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
1	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Manchester United kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to King Power Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
94	Manchester City with a deserved victory after a fine display
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 52711.
94	Ball possession: Manchester City: 71%, Burnley: 29%.
94	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
93	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
93	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
93	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
91	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	Bernardo Silva is leaving the field to be replaced by Cole Palmer in a tactical substitution.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
90	Ball possession: Manchester City: 71%, Burnley: 29%.
89	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
89	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
89	Fernandinho from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
89	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
88	Great vision by James Tarkowski from Burnley as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
88	Could be a good chance here as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
88	James Tarkowski is penalised for pushing Riyad Mahrez.
88	Manchester City start a counter attack.
88	John Stones relieves the pressure with a clearance
87	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
87	Rodri is penalised for pushing Jay Rodriguez.
87	Great vision by Nick Pope from Burnley as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
87	Nathan Collins could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
86	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	The referee signals a free kick as Nathan Ake from Manchester City trips Johann Berg Gudmundsson
85	The referee signals a free kick as Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley trips John Stones
85	Ball possession: Manchester City: 72%, Burnley: 28%.
84	Goal kick for Burnley.
84	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
84	Kevin De Bruyne is leaving the field to be replaced by Fernandinho in a tactical substitution.
84	Great vision by James Tarkowski from Burnley as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
84	Phil Foden from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
84	Could be a good chance here as Nathan Ake from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
83	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
83	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Chris Wood is leaving the field to be replaced by Jay Rodriguez in a tactical substitution.
81	Obstruction as Bernardo Silva cuts off the run of Nathan Collins. A free-kick is awarded.
81	Phil Foden from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
81	Could be a good chance here as Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
81	Manchester City start a counter attack.
81	Great vision by Joao Cancelo from Manchester City as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
81	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
81	Bernardo Silva is penalised for pushing Nathan Collins.
80	Ball possession: Manchester City: 72%, Burnley: 28%.
80	Goal kick for Manchester City.
80	CROSSBAR! Chris Wood misses a clear chance as his shot hits the crossbar! That was a sitter!
80	Nathan Collins from Burnley heads the ball to a team mate.
80	Dwight McNeil swings in a cross from the free kick.
79	Bernardo Silva hand-balls.
79	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Ashley Westwood from Burnley takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
78	The referee signals a free kick as Rodri from Manchester City trips Johann Berg Gudmundsson
78	Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
77	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
76	The referee signals a free kick as Rodri from Manchester City trips Dwight McNeil
76	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
75	Ashley Barnes fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
75	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Ball possession: Manchester City: 73%, Burnley: 27%.
75	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Ashley Barnes from Burnley is ruled offside.
74	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Burnley is in control of the ball.
72	Aymeric Laporte is leaving the field to be replaced by Ruben Dias in a tactical substitution.
72	Jack Cork is leaving the field to be replaced by Johann Berg Gudmundsson in a tactical substitution.
70	GOOOOOAAL! - Kevin De Bruyne reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the left!
70	Ashley Westwood could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
70	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
70	Could be a good chance here as Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
70	Great skill from Riyad Mahrez as he dribbles past his opponents
70	Ball possession: Manchester City: 74%, Burnley: 26%.
70	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
69	Nathan Collins relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Phil Foden puts in a cross...
69	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
68	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
67	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
67	Burnley is in control of the ball.
66	Nathan Collins from Burnley directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Dwight McNeil from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
66	Burnley is trying to create something here.
65	Ball possession: Manchester City: 72%, Burnley: 28%.
65	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
64	Ashley Barnes relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Riyad Mahrez puts in a cross...
64	Nick Pope relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
63	A shot by Joao Cancelo is blocked.
63	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
63	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
62	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
62	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
62	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
62	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
61	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
60	Matthew Lowton from Burnley crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
60	Ball possession: Manchester City: 72%, Burnley: 28%.
60	Burnley is trying to create something here.
60	Goal kick for Burnley.
60	Aymeric Laporte from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
60	Poor play by Nathan Collins as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
60	Riyad Mahrez puts in a cross...
59	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
59	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
58	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
57	Good effort by Ashley Barnes as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
57	Joao Cancelo could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
57	Goal kick for Burnley.
56	Maxwel Cornet is leaving the field to be replaced by Ashley Barnes in a tactical substitution.
56	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
56	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
56	Danger averted there as Matthew Lowton from Burnley clears the danger with a good tackle
56	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
56	Nick Pope relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
55	Ball possession: Manchester City: 72%, Burnley: 28%.
55	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
55	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	A shot by Joao Cancelo is blocked.
55	Riyad Mahrez of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
55	A chance opens up as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
55	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
54	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Could be a good chance here as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
54	Chris Wood from Burnley is ruled offside.
53	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but Nick Pope runs out to collect the ball
53	Could be a good chance here as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
53	The referee signals a free kick as Josh Brownhill from Burnley trips Joao Cancelo
52	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
52	Phil Foden from Manchester City gets a good shooting opportunity and opts for a cheeky lob but Nick Pope reads the shot and saves!
51	Bernardo Silva carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
51	Goal kick for Burnley.
50	CROSSBAR! A shot from Riyad Mahrez stings the crossbar!
50	Bernardo Silva of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
50	Could be a good chance here as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
50	Ball possession: Manchester City: 72%, Burnley: 28%.
49	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
49	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
48	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
48	Chris Wood from Burnley had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
48	Could be a good chance here as Matthew Lowton from Burnley cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
48	Burnley is in control of the ball.
47	Goal kick for Burnley.
47	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
47	Kevin De Bruyne of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
47	Nathan Collins relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
46	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
50	The only goal scored by Manchester City gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: Manchester City: 73%, Burnley: 27%.
50	Rodri relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley swings in the corner from the right.
50	Dwight McNeil comes back onto the field.
50	Matthew Lowton from Burnley passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
50	James Tarkowski from Burnley heads the ball to a team mate.
50	Josh Brownhill from Burnley tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
50	James Tarkowski from Burnley heads the ball to a team mate.
49	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
49	The game is restarted.
49	Dwight McNeil is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
49	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
48	VAR - CARD ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential card situation.
48	Aymeric Laporte commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
47	Dwight McNeil is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
47	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
47	Reckless challenge there. Aymeric Laporte commits a rough foul on Dwight McNeil
46	Nathan Collins is penalised for pushing John Stones.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Zack Steffen relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
45	Ball possession: Manchester City: 74%, Burnley: 26%.
45	Erik Pieters from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
45	A chance opens up as Maxwel Cornet from Burnley successfully finds a team mate in the area...
45	Could be a good chance here as Chris Wood from Burnley cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
44	Goal kick for Burnley.
44	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
44	Great skill from Bernardo Silva as he dribbles past his opponents
44	Kevin De Bruyne of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
44	Could be a good chance here as Aymeric Laporte from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
43	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
43	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Could be a good chance here as Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
42	Manchester City start a counter attack.
42	Dwight McNeil from Burnley directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
41	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Burnley is trying to create something here.
40	Ball possession: Manchester City: 73%, Burnley: 27%.
40	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
40	Great defending by Nathan Collins from Burnley to prevent his team conceding a goal.
40	A shot by Raheem Sterling is blocked.
40	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
40	Could be a good chance here as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
39	The ref blows his whistle. Erik Pieters charged Riyad Mahrez from behind and it's a free-kick
39	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	The game is restarted.
38	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
38	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
37	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
37	Phil Foden puts in a cross...
37	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Riyad Mahrez puts in a cross...
37	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
36	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
36	Josh Brownhill from Burnley sends an effort wide of target
35	Jack Cork from Burnley directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
35	Aymeric Laporte could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
35	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
35	Ball possession: Manchester City: 74%, Burnley: 26%.
35	That's a great ball by James Tarkowski from Burnley. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
34	Rodri from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
34	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Burnley plays a short goal kick.
34	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
33	Phil Foden from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
33	Aymeric Laporte sends a long ball upfield.
32	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
32	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	Riyad Mahrez has a great chance to score, but Nick Pope comes out strongly to save!
31	Rodri puts in a cross...
31	The match resumes with a drop ball.
30	Ball possession: Manchester City: 73%, Burnley: 27%.
30	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
30	Danger averted there as Dwight McNeil from Burnley clears the danger with a good tackle
30	Phil Foden from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
30	Great vision by Dwight McNeil from Burnley as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
30	Riyad Mahrez of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
30	A chance opens up as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
29	Kevin De Bruyne of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
29	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
29	Rodri relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
29	Aymeric Laporte relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	Erik Pieters puts in a cross...
28	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City trips Josh Brownhill
27	A chance opens up as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City successfully finds a team mate in the area...
26	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
25	Ball possession: Manchester City: 70%, Burnley: 30%.
25	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
24	Kevin De Bruyne puts in a cross...
24	Phil Foden from Manchester City makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
24	Bernardo Silva of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
23	John Stones relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley chips the ball into the penalty box.
23	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
23	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley sends an effort wide of target
22	Zack Steffen saved a certain goal there! Maxwel Cornet found himself in a great scoring position but Zack Steffen denied him with a great save
22	CHANCE! Maxwel Cornet finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
22	Dwight McNeil carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
22	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
21	Kevin De Bruyne puts in a cross...
21	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Manchester City: 67%, Burnley: 33%.
20	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
19	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Riyad Mahrez puts in a cross...
19	Bernardo Silva of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
19	Great skill from Bernardo Silva as he dribbles past his opponents
18	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Phil Foden puts in a cross...
17	Great vision by Nathan Collins from Burnley as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
17	Could be a good chance here as Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
17	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
16	Goal kick for Burnley.
16	Phil Foden from Manchester City crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
16	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
16	A shot by Riyad Mahrez is blocked.
15	Nick Pope saved a certain goal there! Joao Cancelo found himself in a great scoring position but Nick Pope denied him with a great save
15	Kevin De Bruyne puts in a cross...
14	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
13	Burnley is in control of the ball.
12	GOOOOOAAL! - Bernardo Silva reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the left!
12	Phil Foden releases a shot, it's parried by Nick Pope but he can't hold onto it...
12	Bernardo Silva of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
12	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
12	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City chips the ball into the penalty box.
12	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
12	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Aymeric Laporte puts in a cross...
11	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
11	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
10	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley is ruled offside.
10	Ball possession: Manchester City: 70%, Burnley: 30%.
9	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
7	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
6	John Stones is penalised for pushing Chris Wood.
6	Phil Foden from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
5	Ball possession: Manchester City: 65%, Burnley: 35%.
5	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Riyad Mahrez shoots from outside the box, but Nick Pope has it under control
5	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
4	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
3	The referee signals a free kick as Phil Foden from Manchester City trips Matthew Lowton
2	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Due to technical problems, we are unable to deliver game updates at the moment.
1	Burnley kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Etihad Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 26777.
94	Ball possession: Norwich: 35%, Brighton: 65%.
94	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
94	Dimitrios Giannoulis swings in a cross from the free kick.
94	Yellow card for Daniel Burn.
94	The referee signals a free kick as Daniel Burn from Brighton trips Milot Rashica
93	Brighton is trying to create something here.
93	Goal kick for Brighton.
93	Grant Hanley from Norwich heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
93	Milot Rashica from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
92	The referee runs back to show Shane Duffy from Brighton a yellow card for the previous foul.
92	Max Aarons from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
92	Norwich is trying to create something here.
92	Norwich start a counter attack.
92	Daniel Burn from Brighton makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
91	Tariq Lamptey puts in a cross...
91	Brighton is trying to create something here.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Milot Rashica from Norwich directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
91	Norwich start a counter attack.
90	Brighton is in control of the ball.
90	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Teemu Pukki is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Idah in a tactical substitution.
90	Ball possession: Norwich: 37%, Brighton: 63%.
89	Norwich is in control of the ball.
89	Brighton is trying to create something here.
89	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Norwich is trying to create something here.
88	Goal kick for Norwich.
87	How did he miss that? Neal Maupay has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
87	Solly March from Brighton directs a ball squarely in the box.
87	Great skill from Solly March as he dribbles past his opponents
87	Brighton is trying to create something here.
87	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Dangerous challenge by Tariq Lamptey from Brighton. Dimitrios Giannoulis on the receiving end of that.
85	Brighton is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Norwich: 39%, Brighton: 61%.
84	Norwich is trying to create something here.
84	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Norwich is trying to create something here.
84	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Jakub Moder is leaving the field to be replaced by Alexis Mac Allister in a tactical substitution.
83	Adam Lallana relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Milot Rashica from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
83	The game is restarted.
83	Mathias Normann is injured and is replaced by Lukas Rupp.
82	Mathias Normann is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
82	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
82	Great defending by Daniel Burn from Brighton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
82	Teemu Pukki from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
81	Norwich start a counter attack.
81	Ozan Kabak relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Pascal Gross puts in a cross...
81	A shot by Pascal Gross is blocked.
81	Solly March of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
81	Brighton is trying to create something here.
81	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Leandro Trossard puts in a cross...
80	Brighton is in control of the ball.
80	Ball possession: Norwich: 39%, Brighton: 61%.
80	Ben Gibson shoots from outside the box, but Robert Sanchez has it under control
79	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
79	Norwich start a counter attack.
79	Adam Lallana from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
79	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
78	Jakub Moder from Brighton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
78	Brighton is trying to create something here.
78	Brighton is in control of the ball.
78	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
78	Pierre Lees-Melou swings in a cross from the free kick.
77	The referee signals a free kick as Jakub Moder from Brighton trips Ozan Kabak
76	Norwich is in control of the ball.
76	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
76	Joshua Sargent is leaving the field to be replaced by Milot Rashica in a tactical substitution.
75	The referee is not having the complaints from Teemu Pukki who is given a yellow card for dissent
75	Ball possession: Norwich: 40%, Brighton: 60%.
75	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Dimitrios Giannoulis swings in a cross from the free kick.
74	Neal Maupay is penalised for pushing Mathias Normann.
73	Dimitrios Giannoulis from Norwich makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
73	Norwich is in control of the ball.
73	Brighton is in control of the ball.
72	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	Dangerous challenge by Daniel Burn from Brighton. Mathias Normann on the receiving end of that.
71	Goal kick for Brighton.
71	Joshua Sargent from Norwich sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
71	Dimitrios Giannoulis puts in a cross...
71	Norwich is trying to create something here.
70	Solly March is penalised for pushing Max Aarons.
70	Ball possession: Norwich: 39%, Brighton: 61%.
70	A shot by Pierre Lees-Melou is blocked.
70	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Dimitrios Giannoulis swings in a cross from the free kick.
69	Jakub Moder from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Mathias Normann
69	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Dimitrios Giannoulis puts in a cross...
68	A shot by Joshua Sargent is blocked.
68	Jakub Moder relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Mathias Normann swings in a cross from the free kick.
68	The referee signals a free kick as Solly March from Brighton trips Max Aarons
67	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
67	Norwich is trying to create something here.
67	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
67	Lewis Dunk sends a header towards goal, but Tim Krul is there to comfortably save it
67	Pascal Gross swings in a cross from the free kick.
66	Marc Cucurella is leaving the field to be replaced by Solly March in a tactical substitution.
65	Pierre Lees-Melou is penalised for pushing Neal Maupay.
65	Norwich is in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: Norwich: 37%, Brighton: 63%.
65	Goal kick for Brighton.
64	How did he miss that? Teemu Pukki has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
64	Max Aarons from Norwich makes a great pass and space opens up...
64	Norwich is in control of the ball.
63	Adam Lallana from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
63	Brighton is trying to create something here.
63	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Lewis Dunk from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
62	Brighton is trying to create something here.
62	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Brighton is trying to create something here.
61	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	A shot by Pierre Lees-Melou is blocked.
61	A shot by Mathias Normann is blocked.
61	Norwich is in control of the ball.
60	Brighton is trying to create something here.
60	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Brighton is trying to create something here.
60	Ball possession: Norwich: 38%, Brighton: 62%.
60	Tariq Lamptey is penalised for pushing Dimitrios Giannoulis.
59	Brighton is trying to create something here.
59	Goal kick for Norwich.
59	Joel Veltman is leaving the field to be replaced by Tariq Lamptey in a tactical substitution.
58	Jakub Moder from Brighton tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
58	Neal Maupay from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
58	Brighton is trying to create something here.
58	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Brighton is in control of the ball.
57	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Brighton is in control of the ball.
55	Goal kick for Norwich.
55	Marc Cucurella from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
55	Ball possession: Norwich: 38%, Brighton: 62%.
54	Brighton is in control of the ball.
54	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
53	Leandro Trossard from Brighton sends an effort wide of target
53	Leandro Trossard from Brighton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
53	Brighton is trying to create something here.
53	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
53	Goal kick for Brighton.
52	Danger averted there as Daniel Burn from Brighton clears the danger with a good tackle
52	Norwich is in control of the ball.
52	Brighton is in control of the ball.
51	Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
51	Norwich is trying to create something here.
51	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Brighton is trying to create something here.
50	Yellow card for Dimitrios Giannoulis.
50	Dimitrios Giannoulis from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Pascal Gross
50	Norwich is in control of the ball.
50	Ball possession: Norwich: 39%, Brighton: 61%.
50	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Brighton is in control of the ball.
49	Brighton is trying to create something here.
49	Norwich is in control of the ball.
48	Excellent pass by Teemu Pukki from Norwich, but his team mates fail to benefit from it.
48	Norwich start a counter attack.
48	Brighton is trying to create something here.
47	A shot by Pascal Gross is blocked.
47	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
47	Brighton is trying to create something here.
47	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Brighton is in control of the ball.
46	Goal kick for Brighton.
46	Norwich is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
49	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Norwich: 40%, Brighton: 60%.
48	Norwich is in control of the ball.
48	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
48	Joel Veltman puts in a cross...
48	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Joel Veltman from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
48	Max Aarons relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
48	Brighton is trying to create something here.
47	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
47	A shot from Leandro Trossard goes to a corner kick after a save by the keeper.
47	Joel Veltman from Brighton makes a great pass and space opens up...
47	Brighton is trying to create something here.
46	Mathias Normann is penalised for pushing Adam Lallana.
46	Brighton is in control of the ball.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Norwich: 42%, Brighton: 58%.
45	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
45	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Mathias Normann from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
45	Great defending by Shane Duffy from Brighton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
45	What a chance! Joshua Sargent looks odds on to score, but his effort is cleared off the line!
44	Robert Sanchez could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
44	Goal kick for Brighton.
44	Pierre Lees-Melou fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
43	Teemu Pukki from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Goal kick for Brighton.
43	Mathias Normann goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
41	Yellow card for Marc Cucurella.
41	Marc Cucurella is penalised for pushing Joshua Sargent.
41	Norwich is in control of the ball.
41	Brighton is in control of the ball.
40	Ball possession: Norwich: 40%, Brighton: 60%.
40	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
39	Brighton is trying to create something here.
39	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Joel Veltman puts in a cross...
39	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Joel Veltman puts in a cross...
38	Brighton is trying to create something here.
38	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
38	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
37	Norwich is in control of the ball.
37	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
37	Neal Maupay from Brighton passes the ball, but his team mate can't benefit from it.
37	Could be a good chance here as Pascal Gross from Brighton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
37	Brighton is in control of the ball.
36	Teemu Pukki from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
36	Teemu Pukki from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
36	Norwich is trying to create something here.
36	Goal kick for Norwich.
36	Brighton is trying to create something here.
35	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Leandro Trossard from Brighton sees his effort hit the crossbar after the keeper parries the ball.
35	Neal Maupay of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
35	Pascal Gross puts in a cross...
35	Ball possession: Norwich: 43%, Brighton: 57%.
34	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Brighton is in control of the ball.
34	A shot by Jakub Moder is blocked.
34	Neal Maupay of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
34	Could be a good chance here as Joel Veltman from Brighton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
33	Brighton is trying to create something here.
33	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
33	Mathias Normann from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
33	Lewis Dunk clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
32	Dimitrios Giannoulis puts in a cross...
32	Norwich is trying to create something here.
32	Brighton is in control of the ball.
31	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
31	Shane Duffy from Brighton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
31	Pascal Gross swings in a cross from the free kick.
30	Yellow card for Ozan Kabak.
30	The referee signals a free kick as Ozan Kabak from Norwich trips Jakub Moder
30	The match resumes with a drop ball.
30	Ball possession: Norwich: 42%, Brighton: 58%.
30	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
29	Brighton is in control of the ball.
29	Grant Hanley sends a header towards goal, but Robert Sanchez is there to comfortably save it
29	Dimitrios Giannoulis puts in a cross...
29	A shot by Ozan Kabak is blocked.
29	Teemu Pukki of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
29	Mathias Normann puts in a cross...
29	Joel Veltman relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Mathias Normann puts in a cross...
28	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Mathias Normann from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
28	Teemu Pukki from Norwich sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
28	Teemu Pukki from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
28	Norwich start a counter attack.
27	Brighton is in control of the ball.
27	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Mathias Normann puts in a cross...
27	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Norwich is trying to create something here.
26	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	Norwich is trying to create something here.
26	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	The referee signals a free kick as Joel Veltman from Brighton trips Dimitrios Giannoulis
25	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
25	Norwich is in control of the ball.
25	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Norwich: 37%, Brighton: 63%.
24	After a tactical foul, Adam Lallana sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
24	Adam Lallana from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Teemu Pukki
24	Brighton is in control of the ball.
24	The game is restarted.
24	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - not to award a penalty for Brighton!
23	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
23	Goal kick for Norwich.
23	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
22	Leandro Trossard from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
22	Brighton is in control of the ball.
22	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Jakub Moder from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
22	A shot from Adam Lallana is parried by the keeper and goes back into play.
21	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Jakub Moder from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
21	Ben Gibson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
20	Leandro Trossard puts in a cross...
20	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Joshua Sargent from Norwich tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
20	Mathias Normann from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
20	Joel Veltman clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
20	Mathias Normann from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
20	Ball possession: Norwich: 38%, Brighton: 62%.
19	Joel Veltman clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
19	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	Norwich is trying to create something here.
19	Brighton is in control of the ball.
18	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Brighton is in control of the ball.
18	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Leandro Trossard from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
18	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Pascal Gross swings in a cross from the free kick.
17	Ozan Kabak is penalised for pushing Jakub Moder.
16	Brighton is in control of the ball.
16	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
16	Mathias Normann swings in a cross from the free kick.
15	After a tactical foul, Joel Veltman sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
15	Joel Veltman from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Teemu Pukki
15	Ball possession: Norwich: 42%, Brighton: 58%.
15	A shot by Kenny McLean is blocked.
14	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Mathias Normann from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
14	Joshua Sargent sees his shot deflected off target
13	Norwich is trying to create something here.
13	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Norwich is trying to create something here.
13	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Brighton is trying to create something here.
12	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Brighton is trying to create something here.
10	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	The referee signals a free kick as Joel Veltman from Brighton trips Mathias Normann
10	Ball possession: Norwich: 30%, Brighton: 70%.
9	Shane Duffy from Brighton heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
9	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
9	Mathias Normann clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
9	Brighton is trying to create something here.
8	Brighton is in control of the ball.
8	Leandro Trossard comes back onto the field.
8	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
8	Shane Duffy sends a long ball upfield.
7	Brighton is in control of the ball.
7	The match resumes with a drop ball.
7	Leandro Trossard is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
5	Leandro Trossard is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
5	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
5	Ball possession: Norwich: 27%, Brighton: 73%.
4	A shot by Leandro Trossard is blocked.
4	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
4	Brighton is trying to create something here.
3	Shane Duffy from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
3	Brighton is in control of the ball.
3	Norwich is in control of the ball.
2	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
2	Joel Veltman puts in a cross...
2	Brighton is trying to create something here.
1	Brighton is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Brighton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Carrow Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Southampton with a deserved victory after a fine display
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 30506.
96	Ball possession: Southampton: 45%, Leeds: 55%.
95	Mohamed Elyounoussi is leaving the field to be replaced by Nathan Tella in a tactical substitution.
95	The referee signals a free kick as Jamie Shackleton from Leeds trips Mohamed Elyounoussi
95	Ball possession: Southampton: 47%, Leeds: 53%.
94	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jamie Shackleton
91	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Liam Cooper is penalised for pushing Theo Walcott.
91	Jan Bednarek relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Daniel James puts in a cross...
90	Mohammed Salisu fouls Joe Gelhardt.
90	Ball possession: Southampton: 47%, Leeds: 53%.
90	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Joe Gelhardt is penalised for pushing Stuart Armstrong.
88	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	The referee signals a free kick as Mohammed Salisu from Southampton trips Joe Gelhardt
87	Leeds is in control of the ball.
86	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
85	Nathan Redmond goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
85	Ball possession: Southampton: 48%, Leeds: 52%.
85	Stuart Armstrong from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
85	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
84	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
84	Joe Gelhardt from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
84	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	Goal kick for Southampton.
83	Alex McCarthy from Southampton receives a yellow card for time wasting.
82	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	The match resumes with a drop ball.
81	Armando Broja is injured and is replaced by Theo Walcott.
81	Tyler Roberts is leaving the field to be replaced by Crysencio Summerville in a tactical substitution.
80	Ball possession: Southampton: 48%, Leeds: 52%.
80	Armando Broja is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
80	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
80	Valentino Livramento relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Adam Forshaw puts in a cross...
79	The referee signals a free kick as Oriol Romeu from Southampton trips Adam Forshaw
79	Armando Broja fouls Illan Meslier.
79	Mohammed Salisu sends a header towards goal, but Illan Meslier is there to comfortably save it
78	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
78	Stuart Armstrong from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
77	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
77	Mateusz Klich is leaving the field to be replaced by Joe Gelhardt in a tactical substitution.
76	The match resumes with a drop ball.
76	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
75	Yellow card for Jan Bednarek.
75	Reckless challenge there. Jan Bednarek commits a rough foul on Daniel James
75	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Armando Broja puts in a cross...
75	Ball possession: Southampton: 48%, Leeds: 52%.
74	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
73	Armando Broja from Southampton sends an effort wide of target
73	Mohammed Salisu sends a long ball upfield.
73	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
72	Tyler Roberts relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
72	Nathan Redmond takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
70	Yellow card for Diego Llorente.
70	Reckless challenge there. Diego Llorente commits a rough foul on Mohamed Elyounoussi
70	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
70	Nathan Redmond puts in a cross...
70	Ball possession: Southampton: 47%, Leeds: 53%.
70	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Ibrahima Diallo fouls Stuart Dallas.
69	Goal kick for Southampton.
68	Daniel James from Leeds sends an effort wide of target
68	Mohammed Salisu could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
68	The referee signals a free kick as Armando Broja from Southampton trips Adam Forshaw
68	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
67	Nathan Redmond from Southampton crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
67	Nathan Redmond from Southampton takes a short corner kick from the left.
67	Romain Perraud from Southampton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
67	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
66	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Mohamed Elyounoussi comes back onto the field.
66	Ball possession: Southampton: 48%, Leeds: 52%.
66	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Goal kick for Southampton.
66	The game is restarted.
65	Mohamed Elyounoussi is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
64	Mohamed Elyounoussi is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
64	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
64	Rodrigo is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Forshaw in a tactical substitution.
64	Jack Harrison from Leeds crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
63	Southampton is in control of the ball.
63	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Mateusz Klich from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
62	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
62	Mohamed Elyounoussi sends a shot inches wide. Close!
62	Rodrigo could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
61	Romain Perraud relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Poor play by Alex McCarthy as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
61	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
60	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: Southampton: 51%, Leeds: 49%.
60	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
59	Moussa Djenepo is leaving the field to be replaced by Stuart Armstrong in a tactical substitution.
58	Nathan Redmond from Southampton makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
58	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	After a tactical foul, Pascal Struijk sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
58	The referee signals a free kick as Pascal Struijk from Leeds trips Ibrahima Diallo
57	Leeds is trying to create something here.
57	Goal kick for Leeds.
56	The referee signals a free kick as Mohammed Salisu from Southampton trips Daniel James
55	Armando Broja comes back onto the field.
55	Diego Llorente comes back onto the field.
55	The game is restarted.
55	Ball possession: Southampton: 51%, Leeds: 49%.
55	Armando Broja is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
54	Diego Llorente is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
54	Diego Llorente is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
54	Armando Broja is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
54	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
53	A wonderful team goal!
53	Nathan Redmond provided the assist for the goal.
53	GOOOOOAAL! - Armando Broja scores with the right foot!
53	Nathan Redmond from Southampton directs a ball squarely in the box.
53	Nathan Redmond from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
52	Southampton start a counter attack.
52	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
52	Mohammed Salisu relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Jack Harrison from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
51	Great defending by Mohammed Salisu from Southampton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
51	Jack Harrison sees his shot deflected off target
51	Leeds with a potentially dangerous attack.
51	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Ball possession: Southampton: 53%, Leeds: 47%.
50	Southampton is in control of the ball.
50	Leeds start a counter attack.
49	Jan Bednarek is penalised for pushing Tyler Roberts.
49	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	After a tactical foul, Tyler Roberts sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
47	Tyler Roberts from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ibrahima Diallo
47	Moussa Djenepo shoots from outside the box, but Illan Meslier has it under control
47	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
46	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
47	Southampton has been the better team in this half
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
46	Jamie Shackleton is penalised for pushing Moussa Djenepo.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Goal kick for Southampton.
45	Ball possession: Southampton: 54%, Leeds: 46%.
45	Tyler Roberts fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
44	Goal kick for Leeds.
44	A chance presents itself to Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton but his header goes wide
44	Moussa Djenepo puts in a cross...
44	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	Liam Cooper comes back onto the field.
43	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	The game is restarted.
42	Liam Cooper is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
41	Liam Cooper is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
41	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
41	Dangerous challenge by Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton. Liam Cooper on the receiving end of that.
40	Ball possession: Southampton: 53%, Leeds: 47%.
39	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
39	Daniel James puts in a cross...
38	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
37	Southampton are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
37	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Stuart Dallas relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Armando Broja from Southampton had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
36	Romain Perraud puts in a cross...
36	Romain Perraud from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
36	Southampton is in control of the ball.
35	Jamie Shackleton relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
35	Ball possession: Southampton: 53%, Leeds: 47%.
35	Armando Broja from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
35	Nathan Redmond puts in a cross...
34	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
34	Illan Meslier saved a certain goal there! Armando Broja found himself in a great scoring position but Illan Meslier denied him with a great save
33	Pascal Struijk could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
33	Mateusz Klich from Leeds is ruled offside.
33	Stuart Dallas swings in a cross from the free kick.
32	The referee signals a free kick as Armando Broja from Southampton trips Tyler Roberts
32	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
31	Valentino Livramento from Southampton sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
31	Nathan Redmond of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
31	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Ball possession: Southampton: 50%, Leeds: 50%.
29	The home team are really starting to put pressure the opposition now.
29	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	The referee signals a free kick as Mateusz Klich from Leeds trips Nathan Redmond
28	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
28	Valentino Livramento fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
28	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Valentino Livramento puts in a cross...
27	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
27	Romain Perraud from Southampton tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
27	A shot by Oriol Romeu is blocked.
27	Mohamed Elyounoussi of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
27	Nathan Redmond of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
26	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
26	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
26	Great vision by Mohammed Salisu from Southampton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
26	Daniel James puts in a cross...
25	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
25	Ball possession: Southampton: 49%, Leeds: 51%.
25	Liam Cooper fouls Mohammed Salisu.
24	Ibrahima Diallo fouls Jack Harrison.
23	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
23	Moussa Djenepo fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
23	Poor play by Stuart Dallas as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
23	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
22	Valentino Livramento from Southampton makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
21	Southampton is in control of the ball.
21	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Ball possession: Southampton: 47%, Leeds: 53%.
20	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
20	Oh no. From a promising position Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
20	Armando Broja from Southampton heads the ball to a team mate.
20	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
19	Nathan Redmond shoots from outside the box, but Illan Meslier has it under control
19	Southampton with a potentially dangerous attack.
18	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
18	Armando Broja sends a header inches wide. Close!
18	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
17	Romain Perraud from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
17	Armando Broja from Southampton is ruled offside.
16	Daniel James from Leeds is ruled offside.
16	Moussa Djenepo from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jamie Shackleton
15	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: Southampton: 43%, Leeds: 57%.
15	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
14	Nathan Redmond fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
13	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Dangerous challenge by Jack Harrison from Leeds. Romain Perraud on the receiving end of that.
12	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Daniel James is penalised for pushing Valentino Livramento.
11	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Leeds is in control of the ball.
10	Ball possession: Southampton: 39%, Leeds: 61%.
9	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	Nathan Redmond from Southampton sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
9	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Diego Llorente relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Nathan Redmond swings in a cross from the free kick.
8	Stuart Dallas from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Mohamed Elyounoussi
7	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Leeds is in control of the ball.
5	Obstruction as Pascal Struijk cuts off the run of Oriol Romeu. A free-kick is awarded.
5	Ball possession: Southampton: 15%, Leeds: 85%.
4	Diego Llorente from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
4	The referee signals a free kick as Tyler Roberts from Leeds trips Ibrahima Diallo
3	Southampton is in control of the ball.
2	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Valentino Livramento is penalised for pushing Stuart Dallas.
2	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Oriol Romeu fouls Tyler Roberts.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Leeds kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to St. Mary's Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
92	Liverpool with a deserved victory after a fine display
92	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
92	Ball possession: Watford: 23%, Liverpool: 77%.
91	Neco Williams provided the assist for the goal.
91	GOOOOOAAL! - Roberto Firmino scores with the right foot!
91	Neco Williams from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box.
91	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
90	Ball possession: Watford: 23%, Liverpool: 77%.
90	Ismaila Sarr from Watford is ruled offside.
89	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
88	The referee signals a free kick as Jeremy Ngakia from Watford trips Sadio Mane
88	Joao Pedro from Watford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
88	Ismaila Sarr from Watford heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
88	Jeremy Ngakia puts in a cross...
88	Watford with a potentially dangerous attack.
87	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
86	Juraj Kucka from Watford is ruled offside.
86	Joao Pedro from Watford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	A player from Watford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
86	A shot by Juan Hernandez is blocked.
86	Ismaila Sarr from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
85	Ismaila Sarr from Watford crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
85	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
85	Ball possession: Watford: 21%, Liverpool: 79%.
84	Today's attendance is 21085.
84	Joao Pedro from Watford is ruled offside.
84	Ismaila Sarr from Watford sees his effort hit the post after the keeper parries the ball.
84	Joao Pedro of Watford passes the ball to a team mate.
84	Watford is in control of the ball.
83	James Milner is leaving the field to be replaced by Neco Williams in a tactical substitution.
82	The referee signals a free kick as Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool trips Juraj Kucka
82	Sadio Mane from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
82	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
81	Joao Pedro from Watford is ruled offside.
80	Sadio Mane sends a header towards goal, but Ben Foster is there to comfortably save it
80	James Milner puts in a cross...
80	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
80	Ball possession: Watford: 21%, Liverpool: 79%.
79	Watford is trying to create something here.
79	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
79	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
79	Ismaila Sarr goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
79	Sadio Mane relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the left.
78	James Milner clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
78	Watford with a potentially dangerous attack.
78	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
77	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
77	Great vision by Ben Foster from Watford as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
77	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Jeremy Ngakia puts in a cross...
76	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Danny Rose swings in a cross from the free kick.
76	The referee signals a free kick as Naby Keita from Liverpool trips Juan Hernandez
75	The referee signals a free kick as Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool trips Ismaila Sarr
75	A shot by Naby Keita is blocked.
75	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Ball possession: Watford: 21%, Liverpool: 79%.
74	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
74	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
73	Juan Hernandez from Watford sends an effort wide of target
73	Could be a good chance here as Moussa Sissoko from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
73	Moussa Sissoko from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
73	Watford is in control of the ball.
72	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Konstantinos Tsimikas puts in a cross...
71	Goal kick for Watford.
71	How did he miss that? Sadio Mane has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
71	Roberto Firmino from Liverpool puts in a great cross...
71	Danny Rose could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
70	Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but Ben Foster runs out to collect the ball
70	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
70	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
70	Ball possession: Watford: 21%, Liverpool: 79%.
69	Goal kick for Watford.
69	Emmanuel Dennis is leaving the field to be replaced by Joao Pedro in a tactical substitution.
69	Naby Keita from Liverpool sends an effort wide of target
69	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
69	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
68	A shot by James Milner is blocked.
68	Roberto Firmino from Liverpool had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
68	James Milner puts in a cross...
67	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
67	William Troost-Ekong from Watford is ruled offside.
67	Danny Rose swings in a cross from the free kick.
66	The referee signals a free kick as James Milner from Liverpool trips Ismaila Sarr
66	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain puts in a cross...
65	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: Watford: 21%, Liverpool: 79%.
65	Trent Alexander-Arnold is leaving the field to be replaced by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in a tactical substitution.
64	Andrew Robertson is leaving the field to be replaced by Konstantinos Tsimikas in a tactical substitution.
64	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool is ruled offside.
64	Moussa Sissoko relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
63	Trent Alexander-Arnold sees his shot deflected off target
63	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
62	Watford is in control of the ball.
62	Ismaila Sarr from Watford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
62	A player from Watford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
61	Goal kick for Watford.
61	Sadio Mane from Liverpool sends an effort wide of target
61	Jeremy Ngakia relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
60	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: Watford: 19%, Liverpool: 81%.
60	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
59	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
59	The match is very one-sided right now. Liverpool are clearly dominating possession
59	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
58	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
58	Juan Hernandez from Watford crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
57	Watford is in control of the ball.
57	The referee signals a free kick as Jordan Henderson from Liverpool trips Tom Cleverley
57	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
56	Juraj Kucka shoots from outside the box, but Caoimhin Kelleher has it under control
56	Kiko is leaving the field to be replaced by Jeremy Ngakia in a tactical substitution.
55	Ball possession: Watford: 17%, Liverpool: 83%.
55	A fantastic individual effort by Mohamed Salah!
54	Roberto Firmino provided the assist for the goal.
54	GOOOOOAAL! - Mohamed Salah scores with the left foot!
54	Great skill from Mohamed Salah as he dribbles past his opponents
54	Roberto Firmino of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
54	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
53	Juraj Kucka from Watford commits a foul by elbowing James Milner
53	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
52	GOAL! It's an easy finish as Roberto Firmino from Liverpool taps the ball into an open goal with the left foot!
52	Poor play by Craig Cathcart as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
52	Could be a good chance here as Andrew Robertson from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
51	Liverpool start a counter attack.
51	Juan Hernandez from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
51	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Ball possession: Watford: 17%, Liverpool: 83%.
50	Safe hands from Ben Foster as he comes out and claims the ball
50	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
49	Mohamed Salah forces a good save from Ben Foster who turns the ball behind for a corner!
49	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
49	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Sadio Mane puts in a cross...
48	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
48	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
47	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Kiko relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Mohamed Salah puts in a cross...
47	The referee signals a free kick as Tom Cleverley from Watford trips Sadio Mane
47	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Goal kick for Watford.
46	Trent Alexander-Arnold fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
46	Adam Masina is leaving the field to be replaced by Tom Cleverley in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
47	Liverpool has been the better team in this half
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Watford: 17%, Liverpool: 83%.
47	Joel Matip comes back onto the field.
47	The game is restarted.
47	Joel Matip is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Joel Matip is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
46	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
45	Joel Matip from Liverpool heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
45	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
45	Ball possession: Watford: 17%, Liverpool: 83%.
45	Adam Masina clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
44	Kiko relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool chips the ball into the penalty box.
44	Sadio Mane from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Naby Keita is penalised for pushing Emmanuel Dennis.
43	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	James Milner puts in a cross...
43	James Milner from Liverpool takes a short corner kick from the right.
42	Naby Keita sees his shot deflected off target
42	Roberto Firmino from Liverpool had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
42	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
41	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool tries to play a 1-2 with Sadio Mane, but the ball is intercepted.
41	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	The referee signals a free kick as Jordan Henderson from Liverpool trips Ismaila Sarr
40	Ball possession: Watford: 17%, Liverpool: 83%.
40	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Mohamed Salah puts in a cross...
39	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
39	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
38	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	A wonderful team goal!
37	James Milner provided the assist for the goal.
37	GOOOOOAAL! - Roberto Firmino from Liverpool taps the ball in with the right! An easy finish for Roberto Firmino
37	James Milner from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box.
37	Sadio Mane of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
37	Some neat football here as James Milner from Liverpool plays a 1-2 with Roberto Firmino.
36	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
36	Kiko from Watford is ruled offside.
35	Andrew Robertson is penalised for pushing Juan Hernandez.
35	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
35	Ball possession: Watford: 16%, Liverpool: 84%.
34	The game is restarted.
34	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
34	Naby Keita from Liverpool sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
34	Mohamed Salah heads the ball back across goal...
33	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
32	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
31	Juraj Kucka clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
31	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
30	Naby Keita from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
30	Sadio Mane from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
30	Great skill from Sadio Mane as he dribbles past his opponents
30	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
30	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
30	Ball possession: Watford: 17%, Liverpool: 83%.
29	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
28	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
28	Sadio Mane is penalised for pushing William Troost-Ekong.
27	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
26	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
26	That's a great ball by Ismaila Sarr from Watford. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
26	Ismaila Sarr from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
25	Goal kick for Watford.
25	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
25	Ball possession: Watford: 19%, Liverpool: 81%.
24	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
23	Ismaila Sarr from Watford is ruled offside.
23	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
23	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Watford is in control of the ball.
21	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Ball possession: Watford: 13%, Liverpool: 87%.
20	Naby Keita is penalised for pushing Juraj Kucka.
20	Ben Foster relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
20	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
19	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford is ruled offside.
19	Roberto Firmino from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
19	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
18	Watford is trying to create something here.
18	Goal kick for Watford.
18	Joel Matip from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
17	The match is very one-sided right now. Liverpool are clearly dominating possession
17	Naby Keita from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
16	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
15	A shot by Mohamed Salah is blocked.
15	Sadio Mane of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
15	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: Watford: 15%, Liverpool: 85%.
15	The match resumes with a drop ball.
15	The game is stopped.
14	Watford is in control of the ball.
13	Emmanuel Dennis is penalised for pushing James Milner.
13	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
13	That's a great ball by Jordan Henderson from Liverpool. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
13	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
12	Juraj Kucka relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
12	Mohamed Salah releases a shot, it's parried by Ben Foster but he can't hold onto it...
12	Andrew Robertson of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
11	Joel Matip sends a long ball upfield.
10	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
10	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Ball possession: Watford: 21%, Liverpool: 79%.
9	Watford is in control of the ball.
9	Liverpool managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
9	Mohamed Salah provided the assist for the goal.
9	GOOOOOAAL! - Sadio Mane scores with the right foot!
9	Mohamed Salah carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
8	Goal kick for Watford.
8	That's a great ball by Roberto Firmino from Liverpool. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
7	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	James Milner from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
7	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
7	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
5	Roberto Firmino from Liverpool had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
5	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
5	Liverpool are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
5	Ball possession: Watford: 19%, Liverpool: 81%.
4	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
4	Juraj Kucka relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
4	Moussa Sissoko clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
3	Juraj Kucka relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
2	Mohamed Salah sees his shot deflected off target
2	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
2	Virgil van Dijk sends a long ball upfield.
2	Sadio Mane from Liverpool is ruled offside.
2	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
1	Kiko relieves the pressure with a clearance
1	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
1	Emmanuel Dennis could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
1	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Liverpool kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Vicarage Road Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Today's attendance is 53102.
95	Ball possession: Liverpool: 48%, Manchester City: 52%.
95	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
94	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Phil Foden from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
94	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Andrew Robertson relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
93	Mohamed Salah clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
93	Rodri puts in a cross...
93	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
92	Great skill from Raheem Sterling as he dribbles past his opponents
92	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
91	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	A shot by Gabriel Jesus is blocked.
91	Raheem Sterling of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
91	Could be a good chance here as Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
91	Manchester City start a counter attack.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Goal kick for Liverpool.
90	Ball possession: Liverpool: 49%, Manchester City: 51%.
89	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Phil Foden puts in a cross...
89	Manchester City start a counter attack.
89	Goal kick for Liverpool.
88	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Great defending by Rodri from Manchester City to prevent his team conceding a goal.
87	Fabinho has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
87	Ederson Moraes could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
87	Mohamed Salah puts in a cross...
86	The referee signals a free kick as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City trips Mohamed Salah
85	The referee signals a free kick as Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City trips Sadio Mane
85	Aymeric Laporte relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Mohamed Salah puts in a cross...
85	Ball possession: Liverpool: 47%, Manchester City: 53%.
85	Gabriel Jesus is penalised for pushing Curtis Jones.
84	Goal kick for Liverpool.
84	Kyle Walker goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
83	Yellow card for Fabinho.
83	The referee signals a free kick as Fabinho from Liverpool trips Bernardo Silva
83	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
81	GOOOOOAAL!! - Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City scores after his effort with the left foot is deflected past the goalkeeper.
81	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
81	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Ruben Dias from Manchester City tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
80	Phil Foden puts in a cross...
80	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
80	Ball possession: Liverpool: 47%, Manchester City: 53%.
79	Joseph Gomez clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
79	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
79	Could be a good chance here as Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
79	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	James Milner is leaving the field to be replaced by Joseph Gomez in a tactical substitution.
77	The referee is not having the complaints from Josep Guardiola who is given a yellow card for dissent
77	The referee is not having the complaints from Bernardo Silva who is given a yellow card for dissent
76	A fantastic individual effort by Mohamed Salah!
76	Curtis Jones provided the assist for the goal.
76	GOOOOOAAL! - Mohamed Salah scores with the right foot!
76	Great skill from Mohamed Salah as he dribbles past his opponents
76	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Sadio Mane puts in a cross...
75	Ball possession: Liverpool: 46%, Manchester City: 54%.
74	Gabriel Jesus is penalised for pushing Curtis Jones.
73	The referee signals a free kick as James Milner from Liverpool trips Bernardo Silva
72	The referee signals a free kick as Roberto Firmino from Liverpool trips Bernardo Silva
72	Sadio Mane is penalised for pushing Ruben Dias.
71	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City is ruled offside.
70	The referee signals a free kick as Phil Foden from Manchester City trips Fabinho
70	Ball possession: Liverpool: 45%, Manchester City: 55%.
69	Gabriel Jesus provided the assist for the goal.
69	GOOOOOAAL! - Phil Foden scores with the left foot!
69	Gabriel Jesus of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
69	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
68	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
68	Diogo Jota is leaving the field to be replaced by Roberto Firmino in a tactical substitution.
67	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
67	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
67	A shot by Gabriel Jesus is blocked.
67	Kevin De Bruyne sends a long ball upfield.
67	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
67	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
67	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
66	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Kevin De Bruyne swings in a cross from the free kick.
66	Jack Grealish is leaving the field to be replaced by Raheem Sterling in a tactical substitution.
65	Yellow card for Diogo Jota.
65	Reckless challenge there. Diogo Jota commits a rough foul on Kevin De Bruyne
65	Ball possession: Liverpool: 45%, Manchester City: 55%.
64	Rodri relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	James Milner puts in a cross...
64	James Milner from Liverpool takes a short corner kick from the left.
63	Mohamed Salah takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
62	The referee signals a free kick as Rodri from Manchester City trips Andrew Robertson
62	Aymeric Laporte relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
61	Phil Foden from Manchester City is ruled offside.
61	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	The referee signals a free kick as Andrew Robertson from Liverpool trips Gabriel Jesus
60	Ball possession: Liverpool: 45%, Manchester City: 55%.
59	A wonderful team goal!
59	Mohamed Salah provided the assist for the goal.
59	GOOOOOAAL! - Sadio Mane scores with the right foot!
59	CHANCE! Sadio Mane finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
59	Mohamed Salah carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
59	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
58	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Diogo Jota from Liverpool tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
57	Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool heads the ball to a team mate.
57	James Milner swings in a cross from the free kick.
56	After a tactical foul, Joao Cancelo sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
56	The ref blows his whistle. Joao Cancelo charged James Milner from behind and it's a free-kick
56	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
55	Rodri relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	James Milner swings in a cross from the free kick.
55	Ball possession: Liverpool: 43%, Manchester City: 57%.
54	The referee signals a free kick as Jack Grealish from Manchester City trips James Milner
54	Danger averted there as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City clears the danger with a good tackle
54	Liverpool with a potentially dangerous attack.
54	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
54	Curtis Jones puts in a cross...
54	Ederson Moraes relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	James Milner swings in a cross from the free kick.
53	Kyle Walker is penalised for pushing Diogo Jota.
52	James Milner from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
52	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
51	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Great vision by Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
51	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
50	Aymeric Laporte from Manchester City is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
50	Diogo Jota releases a shot, it's parried by Ederson Moraes but he can't hold onto it...
50	Joel Matip of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
50	Ball possession: Liverpool: 44%, Manchester City: 56%.
50	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
49	Danger averted there as Ruben Dias from Manchester City clears the danger with a good tackle
49	Rodri could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
48	The referee signals a free kick as James Milner from Liverpool trips Bernardo Silva
47	James Milner from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but Ederson Moraes runs out to collect the ball
47	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
47	The match resumes with a drop ball.
46	The play is stopped for a brief moment, as the ball was touched by the referee.
46	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Liverpool: 44%, Manchester City: 56%.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
45	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Andrew Robertson relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Phil Foden from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
45	Ball possession: Liverpool: 45%, Manchester City: 55%.
44	Alisson Becker from Liverpool shows a great reflex and comes out with an excellent save!
44	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
44	Ederson Moraes sends a long ball upfield.
44	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
43	Goal kick for Liverpool.
43	Phil Foden swings in a cross from the free kick.
42	Yellow card for James Milner.
42	James Milner from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Phil Foden
41	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
41	Kyle Walker from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
41	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
40	A shot by Kevin De Bruyne is blocked.
40	Ball possession: Liverpool: 49%, Manchester City: 51%.
39	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
39	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
38	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
38	James Milner relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Kevin De Bruyne puts in a cross...
38	A shot by Kevin De Bruyne is blocked.
38	Gabriel Jesus of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
38	Phil Foden of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
37	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
37	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
36	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool is ruled offside.
35	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
35	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
35	Ball possession: Liverpool: 48%, Manchester City: 52%.
34	What a miss! Kevin De Bruyne has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
34	Phil Foden from Manchester City puts in a great cross...
34	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Phil Foden from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
33	Diogo Jota is penalised for pushing Kyle Walker.
33	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
32	Jack Grealish from Manchester City is ruled offside.
32	Manchester City with a potentially dangerous attack.
32	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
32	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
31	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool is ruled offside.
30	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Ball possession: Liverpool: 46%, Manchester City: 54%.
29	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
29	Phil Foden puts in a cross...
28	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
28	Kevin De Bruyne relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
27	Kyle Walker clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
27	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
27	Andrew Robertson swings in a cross from the free kick.
26	Yellow card for Ruben Dias.
26	Ruben Dias from Manchester City goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Diogo Jota
25	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Ball possession: Liverpool: 47%, Manchester City: 53%.
25	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Kevin De Bruyne goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
24	Joao Cancelo of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
24	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
23	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
23	Joao Cancelo relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Sadio Mane puts in a cross...
22	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	The referee signals a free kick as Phil Foden from Manchester City trips James Milner
21	Alisson Becker saved a certain goal there! Phil Foden found himself in a great scoring position but Alisson Becker denied him with a great save
21	Could be a good chance here as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
21	Great skill from Bernardo Silva as he dribbles past his opponents
20	Ball possession: Liverpool: 50%, Manchester City: 50%.
19	Phil Foden from Manchester City is ruled offside.
19	Kevin De Bruyne puts in a cross...
19	Jack Grealish from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
18	Joel Matip clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
18	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
18	Bernardo Silva of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
18	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
17	Alisson Becker relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
17	Andrew Robertson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
17	Bernardo Silva puts in a cross...
16	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	A shot by Jack Grealish is blocked.
15	Ball possession: Liverpool: 55%, Manchester City: 45%.
14	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
14	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
13	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
13	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
12	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
12	James Milner puts in a cross...
11	Obstruction as Ruben Dias cuts off the run of Sadio Mane. A free-kick is awarded.
11	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
10	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
10	Ball possession: Liverpool: 60%, Manchester City: 40%.
9	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
8	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
8	Kyle Walker from Manchester City is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
7	A shot by Mohamed Salah is blocked.
7	James Milner from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
7	Rodri clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
7	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
6	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
6	Diogo Jota from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
5	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	James Milner puts in a cross...
5	Ball possession: Liverpool: 52%, Manchester City: 48%.
5	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Danger averted there as Ruben Dias from Manchester City clears the danger with a good tackle
5	James Milner sends a long ball upfield.
4	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
4	That's a great ball by Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
4	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
3	Phil Foden from Manchester City is ruled offside.
3	Could be a good chance here as Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
3	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
3	Manchester City start a counter attack.
2	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
2	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Diogo Jota is penalised for pushing Aymeric Laporte.
1	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	It's a nice warm day for playing football.
1	Liverpool kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Anfield, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 25000.
96	Jamie Vardy is penalised for pushing Joel Ward.
95	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 60%, Leicester: 40%.
95	Goal kick for Leicester.
95	A chance presents itself to Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace but his header goes wide
95	Luka Milivojevic swings in a cross from the free kick.
94	After a tactical foul, Harvey Barnes sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
94	The referee signals a free kick as Harvey Barnes from Leicester trips Michael Olise
94	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	James Maddison from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
93	Harvey Barnes from Leicester tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
93	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	The referee signals a free kick as James McArthur from Crystal Palace trips Marc Albrighton
92	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
91	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	A shot by Joel Ward is blocked.
91	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace heads the ball to a team mate.
90	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
90	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 59%, Leicester: 41%.
90	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
90	James McArthur from Crystal Palace tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
90	Timothy Castagne relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Michael Olise puts in a cross...
90	Jannik Vestergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Michael Olise puts in a cross...
89	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace is ruled offside.
88	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Goal kick for Leicester.
88	Jeffrey Schlupp directs a header agonizingly wide of the post. So nearly a goal!
88	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
87	Ryan Bertrand clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
87	Danger! Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
87	Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
87	Could be a good chance here as Michael Olise from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
86	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
86	Jamie Vardy comes back onto the field.
86	The game is restarted.
86	Jamie Vardy is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
85	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 59%, Leicester: 41%.
85	Odsonne Edouard is leaving the field to be replaced by Christian Benteke in a tactical substitution.
83	James McArthur commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
82	Jamie Vardy is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
82	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
82	Reckless challenge there. James McArthur commits a rough foul on Jamie Vardy
82	Timothy Castagne relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Joel Ward puts in a cross...
81	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
80	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Ademola Lookman is leaving the field to be replaced by Marc Albrighton in a tactical substitution.
80	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 59%, Leicester: 41%.
80	The referee signals a free kick as James Maddison from Leicester trips Luka Milivojevic
79	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Yellow card for Joachim Andersen.
78	Reckless challenge there. Joachim Andersen commits a rough foul on James Maddison
78	Danger averted there as Jannik Vestergaard from Leicester clears the danger with a good tackle
78	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
77	Timothy Castagne from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Wilfried Zaha
77	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
77	James Maddison from Leicester sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
77	Ademola Lookman from Leicester sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
77	Could be a good chance here as James Maddison from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
76	James McArthur from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Boubakary Soumare
76	Boubakary Soumare from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
75	The referee signals a free kick as Joel Ward from Crystal Palace trips Harvey Barnes
75	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
75	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 59%, Leicester: 41%.
74	Good effort by James Maddison as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
74	James Maddison from Leicester sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
74	Timothy Castagne relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Joel Ward puts in a cross...
73	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	With that goal, Crystal Palace equalised. Game on!
72	What a super sub by the coach. Jeffrey Schlupp has just entered the pitch and is already on the scoresheet!
72	GOOOOOAAL! - Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace heads home the loose ball
72	James McArthur from Crystal Palace tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
72	Michael Olise from Crystal Palace makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
72	Jeffrey Schlupp from Crystal Palace heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
72	James McArthur puts in a cross...
71	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Conor Gallagher is leaving the field to be replaced by Jeffrey Schlupp in a tactical substitution.
71	Kelechi Iheanacho is leaving the field to be replaced by James Maddison in a tactical substitution.
70	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
70	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 59%, Leicester: 41%.
69	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
69	Dangerous challenge by Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace. Ryan Bertrand on the receiving end of that.
68	Reckless challenge there. Luka Milivojevic commits a rough foul on Boubakary Soumare
67	Goal kick for Leicester.
67	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Danger averted there as Jannik Vestergaard from Leicester clears the danger with a good tackle
66	Could be a good chance here as Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
66	Joel Ward from Crystal Palace sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
66	Michael Olise puts in a cross...
65	Leicester is in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 60%, Leicester: 40%.
64	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
64	A shot by Jamie Vardy is blocked.
64	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Youri Tielemans from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
63	Harvey Barnes from Leicester tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
62	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	With the goal, Crystal Palace have reduced their deficit. Will they be capable of pulling something out of the game?
61	GOOOOOAAL! - Michael Olise reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
61	A shot by Michael Olise is blocked.
61	Tyrick Mitchell puts in a cross...
61	Jannik Vestergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Luka Milivojevic swings in a cross from the free kick.
60	The referee signals a free kick as Harvey Barnes from Leicester trips Joel Ward
60	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
60	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 59%, Leicester: 41%.
60	Hamza Choudhury is leaving the field to be replaced by Boubakary Soumare in a tactical substitution.
59	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
58	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
57	Hamza Choudhury relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Joel Ward puts in a cross...
56	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
56	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Goal kick for Leicester.
55	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 59%, Leicester: 41%.
55	Michael Olise goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
54	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace makes a great pass and space opens up...
54	Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
54	Odsonne Edouard of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
54	Great skill from Odsonne Edouard as he dribbles past his opponents
54	Crystal Palace start a counter attack.
54	Goal kick for Leicester.
53	Jordan Ayew is leaving the field to be replaced by Michael Olise in a tactical substitution.
53	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace sends an effort wide of target
53	Could be a good chance here as Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
52	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
52	Odsonne Edouard of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
52	CROSSBAR! Odsonne Edouard misses a clear chance as his shot hits the crossbar! That was a sitter!
52	Great skill from Odsonne Edouard as he dribbles past his opponents
52	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
51	Wilfried Zaha fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
51	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
50	Jordan Ayew fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
50	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 58%, Leicester: 42%.
50	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
49	Harvey Barnes sends a shot inches wide. Close!
49	Could be a good chance here as Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
49	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Jamie Vardy from Leicester makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
48	Jamie Vardy from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
48	Leicester start a counter attack.
47	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Jannik Vestergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
47	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
46	Yellow card for Youri Tielemans.
46	Reckless challenge there. Youri Tielemans commits a rough foul on James McArthur
46	There is heavy rain falling on the pitch.
46	The second half is underway.
48	It was a glorious performance by Leicester, and their fans have something to cheer about during the HalfTime.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 57%, Leicester: 43%.
47	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
47	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
46	Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace trips Youri Tielemans
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 59%, Leicester: 41%.
45	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Youri Tielemans from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	Leicester is in control of the ball.
42	The referee signals a free kick as Jamie Vardy from Leicester trips Joachim Andersen
42	Dangerous challenge by Timothy Castagne from Leicester. Wilfried Zaha on the receiving end of that.
42	Goal kick for Leicester.
41	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace sends an effort wide of target
41	A shot by Wilfried Zaha is blocked.
40	Goal kick for Leicester.
40	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 62%, Leicester: 38%.
40	Joel Ward from Crystal Palace crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
39	A shot by Conor Gallagher is blocked.
38	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
37	Harvey Barnes provided the assist for the goal.
37	GOOOOOAAL! - Jamie Vardy scores with the right foot!
37	Could be a good chance here as Harvey Barnes from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
37	Leicester start a counter attack.
37	The match is very one-sided right now. Crystal Palace are clearly dominating possession
37	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
35	Tyrick Mitchell puts in a cross...
35	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 63%, Leicester: 37%.
35	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
34	The referee signals a free kick as James McArthur from Crystal Palace trips Hamza Choudhury
33	Ademola Lookman shoots from outside the box, but Vicente Guaita has it under control
33	Marc Guehi could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
33	Leicester is in control of the ball.
32	Leicester managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
31	GOOOOOAAL! - Kelechi Iheanacho finds the net with the left foot!
31	CHANCE! Kelechi Iheanacho finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
31	Joachim Andersen could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
31	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
31	Ryan Bertrand relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Luka Milivojevic swings in a cross from the free kick.
30	Ademola Lookman from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Luka Milivojevic
30	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 61%, Leicester: 39%.
29	After a tactical foul, Ryan Bertrand sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
29	Ryan Bertrand from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jordan Ayew
28	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
28	James McArthur of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
28	Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
28	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
28	Hamza Choudhury from Leicester concedes a foul on Wilfried Zaha but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
27	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Timothy Castagne relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Jordan Ayew puts in a cross...
26	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
26	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
25	James McArthur puts in a cross...
25	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
25	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 63%, Leicester: 37%.
24	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
23	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Conor Gallagher is penalised for pushing Youri Tielemans.
22	Safe hands from Vicente Guaita as he comes out and claims the ball
22	Ademola Lookman puts in a cross...
21	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Timothy Castagne
21	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
20	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 63%, Leicester: 37%.
20	Leicester is in control of the ball.
20	Tyrick Mitchell comes back onto the field.
19	The game is restarted.
19	Tyrick Mitchell is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
18	Tyrick Mitchell is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
17	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
17	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace is ruled offside.
16	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
15	Youri Tielemans shoots from outside the box, but Vicente Guaita has it under control
15	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 59%, Leicester: 41%.
14	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
14	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
13	Conor Gallagher releases a shot, it's parried by Kasper Schmeichel but he can't hold onto it...
13	Wilfried Zaha releases a shot, it's parried by Kasper Schmeichel but he can't hold onto it...
13	James McArthur of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
13	James McArthur from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
12	Goal kick for Leicester.
12	That's a great ball by James McArthur from Crystal Palace. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
11	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	The referee signals a free kick as Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace trips Hamza Choudhury
10	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 46%, Leicester: 54%.
9	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	Jannik Vestergaard from Leicester tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
8	Youri Tielemans swings in a cross from the free kick.
8	Marc Guehi is penalised for pushing Kelechi Iheanacho.
7	Harvey Barnes from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
7	Great skill from Harvey Barnes as he dribbles past his opponents
6	Odsonne Edouard is penalised for pushing Hamza Choudhury.
6	Leicester is in control of the ball.
5	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	The ref blows his whistle. Hamza Choudhury charged James McArthur from behind and it's a free-kick
5	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 50%, Leicester: 50%.
5	Safe hands from Vicente Guaita as he comes out and claims the ball
4	A shot by Harvey Barnes is blocked.
4	Timothy Castagne from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
4	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace is ruled offside.
4	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
3	Danger averted there as Jannik Vestergaard from Leicester clears the danger with a good tackle
3	Jordan Ayew of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
3	Crystal Palace with a potentially dangerous attack.
2	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Youri Tielemans from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
2	Tyrick Mitchell clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
2	A chance presents itself to Jamie Vardy from Leicester but his header goes wide
2	Youri Tielemans swings in a cross from the free kick.
1	Dangerous challenge by James McArthur from Crystal Palace. Hamza Choudhury on the receiving end of that.
1	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	It's a nice warm day for playing football.
1	Crystal Palace kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Selhurst Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Ball possession: Tottenham: 57%, Aston Villa: 43%.
96	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
95	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Bryan Gil
95	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Ball possession: Tottenham: 56%, Aston Villa: 44%.
94	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham takes a short corner kick from the right.
94	Matt Targett clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
94	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham takes a short corner kick from the right.
93	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
92	Douglas Luiz is penalised for pushing Heung-Min Son.
92	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham takes a short corner kick from the right.
92	Bryan Gil from Tottenham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
92	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	John McGinn from Aston Villa passes the ball, but his team mate can't benefit from it.
91	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa heads the ball to a team mate.
90	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
90	Ball possession: Tottenham: 56%, Aston Villa: 44%.
90	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Danny Ings is leaving the field to be replaced by Cameron Archer in a tactical substitution.
89	Lucas Moura is leaving the field to be replaced by Bryan Gil in a tactical substitution.
89	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
89	Lucas Moura relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
88	Cristian Romero clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
88	Bertrand Traore from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
88	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg is penalised for pushing John McGinn.
87	Good effort by Harry Kane as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
87	Emiliano Martinez saved a certain goal there! Harry Kane found himself in a great scoring position but Emiliano Martinez denied him with a great save
87	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
87	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham takes a short corner kick from the left.
87	Giovani Lo Celso has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
87	Harry Kane from Tottenham find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
87	Could be a good chance here as Heung-Min Son from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
86	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
86	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
85	Ball possession: Tottenham: 57%, Aston Villa: 43%.
85	Emerson from Tottenham crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
84	Emerson from Tottenham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
84	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	The game is restarted.
84	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
83	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
82	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham sends an effort wide of target
82	Heung-Min Son puts in a cross...
82	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
82	Could be a good chance here as Harry Kane from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
82	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
82	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
81	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
81	Cristian Romero relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
80	Aston Villa with an attacking substitution here.
80	Kortney Hause is leaving the field to be replaced by Bertrand Traore in a tactical substitution.
80	Harry Kane relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
80	Ball possession: Tottenham: 56%, Aston Villa: 44%.
80	Emerson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
79	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
79	Harry Kane from Tottenham sends a shot inches wide of the post. Close!
79	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
79	The game is restarted.
78	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
78	Good effort by Danny Ings as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
78	Matt Targett of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
78	John McGinn puts in a cross...
78	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
77	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
76	Tanguy Ndombele is leaving the field to be replaced by Giovani Lo Celso in a tactical substitution.
76	Sergio Reguilon is penalised for pushing Ezri Konsa.
76	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
75	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
75	Ball possession: Tottenham: 58%, Aston Villa: 42%.
74	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
74	Danny Ings of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
74	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
74	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
73	Matty Cash from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
73	Could be a good chance here as Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
72	Cristian Romero is penalised for pushing Ollie Watkins.
71	OGOWN GOAL - Matt Targett sends the ball into his own net!
71	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham directs a ball squarely in the box.
71	Great skill from Heung-Min Son as he dribbles past his opponents
71	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
70	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
70	Ball possession: Tottenham: 58%, Aston Villa: 42%.
69	Jacob Ramsey is leaving the field to be replaced by Emiliano Buendia in a tactical substitution.
68	The referee runs back to show Cristian Romero from Tottenham a yellow card for the previous foul.
67	Matt Targett provided the assist for the goal.
67	GOOOOOAAL! - Ollie Watkins scores with the right foot!
67	Matt Targett from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box.
67	Could be a good chance here as Danny Ings from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
67	Cristian Romero from Tottenham concedes a foul on Jacob Ramsey but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
66	Emerson is penalised for pushing Matt Targett.
66	Goal kick for Tottenham.
65	A shot by Jacob Ramsey is blocked.
65	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa heads the ball to a team mate.
65	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
65	Ball possession: Tottenham: 60%, Aston Villa: 40%.
65	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
64	A shot by Jacob Ramsey is blocked.
64	Douglas Luiz heads the ball back across goal...
64	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
64	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
63	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
63	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
62	Goal kick for Tottenham.
62	Matty Cash from Aston Villa crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
62	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
62	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
61	Good effort by Tanguy Ndombele as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
61	Great skill from Tanguy Ndombele as he dribbles past his opponents
61	Lucas Moura from Tottenham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
61	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
60	Should have been a goal! Heung-Min Son gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Emiliano Martinez!
60	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
60	Eric Dier sends a long ball upfield.
60	Ball possession: Tottenham: 61%, Aston Villa: 39%.
59	The ref blows his whistle. Kortney Hause charged Harry Kane from behind and it's a free-kick
59	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
59	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
59	Matty Cash fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
58	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
57	Ezri Konsa relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Harry Kane from Tottenham directs a ball squarely in the box.
56	Kortney Hause could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
56	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
56	Heung-Min Son fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
56	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
56	The game is restarted.
55	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
55	Harry Kane is penalised for pushing Matt Targett.
55	Ball possession: Tottenham: 62%, Aston Villa: 38%.
55	Tanguy Ndombele from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
55	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
54	Matt Targett is penalised for pushing Emerson.
53	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
53	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
53	Emerson of Tottenham passes the ball to a team mate.
52	A shot by Emerson is blocked.
52	That looked a fine chance. Heung-Min Son from Tottenham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
52	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Great defending by Kortney Hause from Aston Villa to prevent his team conceding a goal.
52	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
52	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
51	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Cristian Romero relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	John McGinn puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Tottenham: 62%, Aston Villa: 38%.
50	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
49	A shot by Lucas Moura is blocked.
49	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
48	Harry Kane is penalised for pushing Ezri Konsa.
48	John McGinn shoots from outside the box, but Hugo Lloris has it under control
48	Harry Kane relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Matt Targett from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
47	Matt Targett has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
47	Emerson relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Douglas Luiz puts in a cross...
47	A shot by Matty Cash is blocked.
47	Could be a good chance here as John McGinn from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
47	Aston Villa start a counter attack.
47	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Emerson from Tottenham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Kortney Hause from Aston Villa trips Harry Kane
46	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
47	The only goal scored by Tottenham gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Tottenham: 63%, Aston Villa: 37%.
46	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
45	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
45	Ball possession: Tottenham: 63%, Aston Villa: 37%.
44	A shot by Danny Ings is blocked.
44	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
44	The game is restarted.
44	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
43	Goal kick for Tottenham.
43	John McGinn from Aston Villa sends a shot inches wide of the post. Close!
43	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	A shot by Ollie Watkins is blocked.
43	Sergio Reguilon relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
42	Lucas Moura relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
42	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
42	Matty Cash from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
42	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
42	Cristian Romero relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
41	Matt Targett comes back onto the field.
41	Sergio Reguilon relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
41	The game is restarted.
41	Matt Targett is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
40	Ball possession: Tottenham: 67%, Aston Villa: 33%.
39	Matt Targett is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
39	Emerson is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
39	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
39	Emerson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
39	John McGinn sends a long ball upfield.
38	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Matty Cash
38	Kortney Hause from Aston Villa is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
38	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
37	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
36	Sergio Reguilon relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Douglas Luiz swings in a cross from the free kick.
36	After a tactical foul, Oliver Skipp sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
36	Reckless challenge there. Oliver Skipp commits a rough foul on Danny Ings
35	Oliver Skipp could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
35	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Sergio Reguilon
35	Ball possession: Tottenham: 69%, Aston Villa: 31%.
34	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Kortney Hause is penalised for pushing Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg.
34	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
33	Oliver Skipp clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
33	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
33	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
32	Harry Kane sends a direct free kick on target, but Emiliano Martinez has it under control
31	Yellow card for Jacob Ramsey.
31	The ref blows his whistle. Jacob Ramsey charged Harry Kane from behind and it's a free-kick
31	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
30	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
30	Tanguy Ndombele from Tottenham tries to play a nice 1-2 with a team mate, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
30	Ball possession: Tottenham: 68%, Aston Villa: 32%.
29	Safe hands from Hugo Lloris as he comes out and claims the ball
29	John McGinn puts in a cross...
29	A shot by John McGinn is blocked.
29	Matty Cash from Aston Villa takes a short corner kick from the left.
29	The game is restarted.
28	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
28	Eric Dier clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
28	Aston Villa with a potentially dangerous attack.
27	Heung-Min Son provided the assist for the goal.
27	GOOOOOAAL! - Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham beats the keeper from outside the box with the right foot!
27	Heung-Min Son of Tottenham passes the ball to a team mate.
27	Tottenham start a counter attack.
26	Matty Cash from Aston Villa crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
26	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
26	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
26	Danny Ings from Aston Villa crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
25	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Tottenham: 71%, Aston Villa: 29%.
25	The referee signals a free kick as Harry Kane from Tottenham trips Ezri Konsa
24	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
24	Heung-Min Son fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
24	Some neat football here as Heung-Min Son from Tottenham plays a 1-2 with Lucas Moura.
23	Harry Kane sends a direct free kick on target, but Emiliano Martinez has it under control
23	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Tanguy Ndombele
22	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
22	Harry Kane fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
22	Tottenham with a potentially dangerous attack.
22	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
22	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
21	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
20	Ball possession: Tottenham: 69%, Aston Villa: 31%.
19	Emerson relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	John McGinn puts in a cross...
19	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
18	Tanguy Ndombele puts in a cross...
18	A shot by Heung-Min Son is blocked.
18	Could be a good chance here as Lucas Moura from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
17	The referee signals a free kick as Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa trips Lucas Moura
17	Harry Kane from Tottenham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
17	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
17	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
16	Tanguy Ndombele from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
16	Some neat football here as Tanguy Ndombele from Tottenham plays a 1-2 with Lucas Moura.
16	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
15	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Danger averted there as Danny Ings from Aston Villa clears the danger with a good tackle
15	Emerson from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
15	Tottenham start a counter attack.
15	Ball possession: Tottenham: 67%, Aston Villa: 33%.
14	Oliver Skipp is penalised for pushing John McGinn.
14	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
13	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa concedes a foul on Oliver Skipp but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
13	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
12	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	The referee signals a free kick as Matt Targett from Aston Villa trips Emerson
11	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
11	Lucas Moura from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
10	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
10	Ball possession: Tottenham: 55%, Aston Villa: 45%.
10	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	The game is restarted.
9	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
9	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Heung-Min Son
9	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
8	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Emerson
7	Emerson relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	Ollie Watkins puts in a cross...
7	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Tanguy Ndombele
6	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
5	Ball possession: Tottenham: 47%, Aston Villa: 53%.
5	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Cristian Romero relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
4	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Matt Targett from Aston Villa sends a deflected cross into the box.
3	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg is penalised for pushing Ollie Watkins.
3	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
3	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
2	Matty Cash from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
2	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
2	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
1	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Tottenham kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Today's attendance is 49940.
95	Ball possession: West Ham: 61%, Brentford: 39%.
94	GOOOOOAAL! - Yoane Wissa finds the net with the right foot!
94	So nearly a goal there! Pontus Jansson's header looked destined for the back of the net but Lukasz Fabianski saves it!
94	Mathias Jensen swings in a cross from the free kick.
93	The referee signals a free kick as Angelo Ogbonna from West Ham trips Yoane Wissa
93	Declan Rice comes back onto the field.
93	The game is restarted.
93	Declan Rice is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
92	After a tactical foul, Declan Rice sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
92	Declan Rice is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
92	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
91	The referee signals a free kick as Declan Rice from West Ham trips Yoane Wissa
91	Vladimir Coufal from West Ham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
91	Said Benrahma puts in a cross...
90	Ethan Pinnock is penalised for pushing Michail Antonio.
90	Brentford is trying to create something here.
89	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Goal kick for West Ham.
88	Mathias Jensen from Brentford crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
88	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
87	Goal kick for Brentford.
86	Declan Rice from West Ham crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
86	Ivan Toney relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
86	Said Benrahma from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
85	Yellow card for Mathias Joergensen.
85	Mathias Joergensen is penalised for pushing Michail Antonio.
85	Ball possession: West Ham: 62%, Brentford: 38%.
85	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	That's a great ball by Ivan Toney from Brentford. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
84	Yellow card for Sergi Canos.
84	Dangerous challenge by Sergi Canos from Brentford. Pablo Fornals on the receiving end of that.
83	Ethan Pinnock sends a header towards goal, but the keeper is equal to it.
83	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Mathias Jensen swings in a cross from the free kick.
82	Kurt Zouma is penalised for pushing Ivan Toney.
82	Bryan Mbeumo is leaving the field to be replaced by Yoane Wissa in a tactical substitution.
82	Frank Onyeka is leaving the field to be replaced by Mads Bidstrup in a tactical substitution.
81	Ball possession: West Ham: 61%, Brentford: 39%.
80	Tomas Soucek provided the assist for the goal.
80	GOOOOOAAL! - Jarrod Bowen scores with the right foot!
80	Tomas Soucek from West Ham heads the ball to a team mate.
80	Declan Rice from West Ham heads the ball to a team mate.
80	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
80	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
79	Michail Antonio from West Ham heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
79	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
79	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
79	Mathias Jensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
79	West Ham is trying to create something here.
78	Safe hands from Lukasz Fabianski as he comes out and claims the ball
78	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
77	Rico Henry from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
77	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
77	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	Goal kick for Brentford.
76	Vladimir Coufal from West Ham crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
76	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
75	Ball possession: West Ham: 62%, Brentford: 38%.
75	Goal kick for Brentford.
75	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
74	Dangerous challenge by Pablo Fornals from West Ham. Christian Noergaard on the receiving end of that.
74	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Safe hands from Lukasz Fabianski as he comes out and claims the ball
73	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
72	Mathias Jensen sees his shot deflected off target
72	Could be a good chance here as Ivan Toney from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
72	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	The referee signals a free kick as Michail Antonio from West Ham trips Christian Noergaard
71	Rico Henry is penalised for pushing Vladimir Coufal.
70	Ball possession: West Ham: 62%, Brentford: 38%.
70	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Ivan Toney relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Aaron Cresswell swings in a cross from the free kick.
69	Yellow card for Christian Noergaard.
69	Christian Noergaard from Brentford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Pablo Fornals
68	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	The referee signals a free kick as Christian Noergaard from Brentford trips Vladimir Coufal
66	Ivan Toney is penalised for pushing Angelo Ogbonna.
66	Rico Henry from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
66	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Ball possession: West Ham: 60%, Brentford: 40%.
65	Goal kick for Brentford.
64	Michail Antonio from West Ham heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
64	Aaron Cresswell puts in a cross...
64	The home team are really starting to put pressure the opposition now.
64	A shot by Angelo Ogbonna is blocked.
64	A shot by Vladimir Coufal is blocked.
63	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	David Raya relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
63	Vladimir Coufal sees his shot deflected off target
63	Pablo Fornals has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
62	Michail Antonio puts in a cross...
62	West Ham is trying to create something here.
61	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	Ball possession: West Ham: 57%, Brentford: 43%.
61	Goal kick for Brentford.
61	What a miss! Jarrod Bowen has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
60	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
59	Michail Antonio is penalised for pushing David Raya.
59	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
59	A shot by Said Benrahma is blocked.
59	Said Benrahma from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
58	Goal kick for Brentford.
58	Tomas Soucek from West Ham heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
58	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
57	Jarrod Bowen forces a good save from David Raya who turns the ball behind for a corner!
57	Said Benrahma from West Ham makes a great pass and space opens up...
57	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Ball possession: West Ham: 57%, Brentford: 43%.
56	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Goal kick for Brentford.
56	Vladimir Coufal goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
56	Michail Antonio from West Ham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Could be a good chance here as Said Benrahma from West Ham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
55	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	The referee signals a free kick as Frank Onyeka from Brentford trips Declan Rice
53	Jarrod Bowen is penalised for pushing Frank Onyeka.
53	Pontus Jansson from Brentford heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
53	Mathias Jensen from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
53	Rico Henry from Brentford sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
52	Mathias Jensen puts in a cross...
52	The referee signals a free kick as Tomas Soucek from West Ham trips Ivan Toney
51	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
51	Ball possession: West Ham: 58%, Brentford: 42%.
50	Aaron Cresswell swings in the ball from a corner on the left, but it is nowhere near a teammate and it goes out of the field.
50	The resulting free-kick is taken by Said Benrahma and his strike forces a good save from David Raya. It's a corner
49	Mathias Joergensen from Brentford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Michail Antonio
48	Rico Henry is penalised for pushing Jarrod Bowen.
48	Goal kick for Brentford.
48	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
47	Pablo Fornals from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
47	West Ham is trying to create something here.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Angelo Ogbonna from West Ham trips Bryan Mbeumo
46	The second half is underway.
51	It's over! The referee blows for half time
51	Kurt Zouma goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
50	Pablo Fornals puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: West Ham: 56%, Brentford: 44%.
50	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham is ruled offside.
49	Goal kick for West Ham.
49	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	The referee signals a free kick as Vladimir Coufal from West Ham trips Ivan Toney
48	Christian Noergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Jarrod Bowen puts in a cross...
47	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Ball possession: West Ham: 55%, Brentford: 45%.
46	Christian Noergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Pablo Fornals from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
46	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Pontus Jansson comes back onto the field.
46	Mathias Joergensen clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
46	West Ham with a potentially dangerous attack.
46	The game is restarted.
45	Pontus Jansson is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
45	Pontus Jansson is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
44	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
44	Vladimir Coufal from West Ham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
44	Tomas Soucek of West Ham passes the ball to a team mate.
44	West Ham is trying to create something here.
43	Ivan Toney from Brentford is ruled offside.
43	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
41	Said Benrahma from West Ham tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
41	Michail Antonio of West Ham passes the ball to a team mate.
40	Dangerous challenge by Sergi Canos from Brentford. Declan Rice on the receiving end of that.
40	Said Benrahma shoots from outside the box, but David Raya has it under control
40	Said Benrahma from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
39	Brentford is in control of the ball.
38	The referee signals a free kick as Mathias Joergensen from Brentford trips Pablo Fornals
38	West Ham is in control of the ball.
38	Goal kick for Brentford.
37	West Ham is in control of the ball.
37	Sergi Canos from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
36	Bryan Mbeumo takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
35	Yellow card for Kurt Zouma.
35	The referee signals a free kick as Kurt Zouma from West Ham trips Ivan Toney
35	Ivan Toney from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
35	Great skill from Ivan Toney as he dribbles past his opponents
34	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Ivan Toney relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
33	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
33	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
32	Sergi Canos relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Jarrod Bowen puts in a cross...
32	West Ham is in control of the ball.
31	The referee signals a free kick as Pablo Fornals from West Ham trips Ivan Toney
31	Said Benrahma from West Ham makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
31	Frank Onyeka could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
31	Goal kick for Brentford.
30	The game is restarted.
30	Ball possession: West Ham: 52%, Brentford: 48%.
29	Shandon Baptiste is injured and is replaced by Mathias Jensen.
27	Shandon Baptiste is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
27	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
26	The referee signals a free kick as Michail Antonio from West Ham trips Frank Onyeka
26	Pablo Fornals from West Ham makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
26	Michail Antonio of West Ham passes the ball to a team mate.
26	Brentford is in control of the ball.
26	Ball possession: West Ham: 50%, Brentford: 50%.
25	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	The referee signals a free kick as Vladimir Coufal from West Ham trips Shandon Baptiste
23	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
23	A shot by Said Benrahma is blocked.
23	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
22	Vladimir Coufal from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
22	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	The goal was given with the help of the Goal Line Technology!
20	GOOOOOAAL! - Bryan Mbeumo reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the left!
20	Sergi Canos releases a shot, it's parried by Lukasz Fabianski but he can't hold onto it...
20	Could be a good chance here as Ivan Toney from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
20	Ball possession: West Ham: 45%, Brentford: 55%.
20	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
20	Angelo Ogbonna from West Ham heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
20	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
19	Vladimir Coufal from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
19	West Ham is trying to create something here.
18	A shot by Pablo Fornals is blocked.
18	Michail Antonio of West Ham passes the ball to a team mate.
18	A shot by Michail Antonio is blocked.
18	Michail Antonio from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
18	West Ham start a counter attack.
17	Ivan Toney from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
17	Shandon Baptiste from Brentford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
17	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Ball possession: West Ham: 45%, Brentford: 55%.
16	Goal kick for Brentford.
16	What a miss! Kurt Zouma has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
16	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
15	Vladimir Coufal from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
14	Great vision by Pontus Jansson from Brentford as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
14	Michail Antonio from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
14	Safe hands from Lukasz Fabianski as he comes out and claims the ball
13	Shandon Baptiste puts in a cross...
13	Angelo Ogbonna relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Sergi Canos from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
13	Sergi Canos sees his shot deflected off target
13	Rico Henry of Brentford passes the ball to a team mate.
13	Rico Henry from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
12	Brentford is in control of the ball.
11	Ball possession: West Ham: 42%, Brentford: 58%.
11	Goal kick for West Ham.
11	Shandon Baptiste goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
10	Sergi Canos from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
10	Angelo Ogbonna clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
10	Ivan Toney has a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind for a corner kick by the keeper!
10	Ethan Pinnock from Brentford heads the ball to a team mate.
10	Tomas Soucek relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Sergi Canos swings in a cross from the free kick.
9	Dangerous challenge by Aaron Cresswell from West Ham. Sergi Canos on the receiving end of that.
8	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
7	Brentford is trying to create something here.
6	The referee signals a free kick as Declan Rice from West Ham trips Shandon Baptiste
6	Ball possession: West Ham: 37%, Brentford: 63%.
6	Goal kick for West Ham.
6	Michail Antonio from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
5	Dangerous challenge by Frank Onyeka from Brentford. Tomas Soucek on the receiving end of that.
5	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Goal kick for West Ham.
4	What a miss! Bryan Mbeumo has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
4	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
3	Goal kick for West Ham.
3	CROSSBAR! A shot from Bryan Mbeumo stings the crossbar!
3	A shot by Shandon Baptiste is blocked.
3	Poor play by Declan Rice as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
2	Sergi Canos from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
2	Rico Henry from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
1	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham is ruled offside.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	West Ham kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to London Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	Brighton played better, but the game eventually ended in a draw.
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Today's attendance is 31266.
94	Ball possession: Brighton: 58%, Arsenal: 42%.
94	Brighton is trying to create something here.
93	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
92	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
92	Goal kick for Arsenal.
92	Alexis Mac Allister swings in a cross from the free kick.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Yellow card for Thomas.
91	Thomas from Arsenal commits a foul by elbowing Leandro Trossard
90	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
90	Brighton is trying to create something here.
90	Goal kick for Brighton.
90	The game is restarted.
90	Ball possession: Brighton: 57%, Arsenal: 43%.
90	Bukayo Saka is injured and is replaced by Ainsley Maitland-Niles.
89	Bukayo Saka is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
89	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
88	Great defending by Shane Duffy from Brighton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
88	Danger! Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
88	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
88	Brighton is trying to create something here.
87	Goal kick for Arsenal.
87	A chance presents itself to Shane Duffy from Brighton but his header goes wide
87	Alexis Mac Allister from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
87	Leandro Trossard sees his shot deflected off target
87	A header from Solly March is blocked by the keeper and bounces back into play!
86	Alexis Mac Allister puts in a cross...
86	A shot by Alexis Mac Allister is blocked.
86	Brighton is trying to create something here.
86	Good effort by Solly March as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
86	Solly March from Brighton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
85	Brighton is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Brighton: 58%, Arsenal: 42%.
85	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
84	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
84	Pascal Gross is leaving the field to be replaced by Solly March in a tactical substitution.
83	Pascal Gross from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
83	Brighton is trying to create something here.
82	Yellow card for Joel Veltman.
82	Reckless challenge there. Joel Veltman commits a rough foul on Alexandre Lacazette
82	Kieran Tierney relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
81	Pascal Gross sees his shot deflected off target
81	Marc Cucurella tests Aaron Ramsdale with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
81	Brighton is trying to create something here.
81	Leandro Trossard shoots from outside the box, but Aaron Ramsdale has it under control
81	Neal Maupay from Brighton successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
81	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
80	Brighton is in control of the ball.
80	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Ball possession: Brighton: 59%, Arsenal: 41%.
80	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal takes a short corner kick from the left.
79	Ben White from Arsenal sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
79	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
79	Marc Cucurella clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
79	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
78	Goal kick for Brighton.
78	Jakub Moder is leaving the field to be replaced by Alexis Mac Allister in a tactical substitution.
78	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
78	Danger! Alexandre Lacazette from Arsenal successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
77	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
77	Goal kick for Arsenal.
77	Neal Maupay fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
77	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
76	Should have been a goal! Emile Smith-Rowe gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Robert Sanchez!
76	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
76	Thomas carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
75	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
75	Brighton is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: Brighton: 60%, Arsenal: 40%.
74	Yellow card for Neal Maupay.
74	Reckless challenge there. Neal Maupay commits a rough foul on Gabriel
74	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
73	Shane Duffy from Brighton is ruled offside.
73	Lewis Dunk from Brighton successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
73	Marc Cucurella from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
72	Albert Sambi Lokonga clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
72	Joel Veltman puts in a cross...
72	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
72	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
72	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is leaving the field to be replaced by Alexandre Lacazette in a tactical substitution.
71	Brighton is in control of the ball.
71	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	A shot by Leandro Trossard is blocked.
70	Brighton is trying to create something here.
70	Ball possession: Brighton: 59%, Arsenal: 41%.
69	Kieran Tierney is penalised for pushing Joel Veltman.
69	Brighton is in control of the ball.
68	Goal kick for Arsenal.
68	Neal Maupay send an audacious bicycle-kick wide of goal
68	A chance opens up as Joel Veltman from Brighton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
68	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
67	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
67	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
66	Lewis Dunk comes back onto the field.
66	The game is restarted.
66	Lewis Dunk is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
66	Lewis Dunk is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
65	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
65	Robert Sanchez comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
65	Emile Smith-Rowe puts in a cross...
65	Ball possession: Brighton: 60%, Arsenal: 40%.
65	Joel Veltman relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
64	Joel Veltman clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
64	Kieran Tierney from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
64	A chance opens up as Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal successfully finds a team mate in the area...
64	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
64	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Brighton is in control of the ball.
63	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Martin Oedegaard is leaving the field to be replaced by Nicolas Pepe in a tactical substitution.
62	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Leandro Trossard from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
62	Brighton is in control of the ball.
61	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
61	Brighton is in control of the ball.
61	Goal kick for Arsenal.
61	That's a great ball by Joel Veltman from Brighton. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
60	Brighton is trying to create something here.
60	Ball possession: Brighton: 58%, Arsenal: 42%.
59	Brighton is trying to create something here.
58	Goal kick for Brighton.
58	Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
58	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Martin Oedegaard puts in a cross...
58	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal takes a short corner kick from the right.
57	Marc Cucurella clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
57	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
57	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
57	Goal kick for Arsenal.
56	Jakub Moder from Brighton sends an effort wide of target
56	A chance opens up as Leandro Trossard from Brighton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
56	Brighton is trying to create something here.
56	Ball possession: Brighton: 59%, Arsenal: 41%.
56	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	Pascal Gross swings in a cross from the free kick.
55	Dangerous challenge by Thomas from Arsenal. Leandro Trossard on the receiving end of that.
54	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal is ruled offside.
54	Great defending by Lewis Dunk from Brighton to prevent his team conceding a goal.
54	CHANCE! Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
54	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
54	Thomas carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
53	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
53	Goal kick for Arsenal.
53	Albert Sambi Lokonga fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
52	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
52	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
50	Brighton is trying to create something here.
50	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Ball possession: Brighton: 60%, Arsenal: 40%.
50	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
49	Jakub Moder sends a shot inches wide. Close!
49	A chance opens up as Adam Lallana from Brighton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
49	Pascal Gross from Brighton chips the ball into the penalty box.
49	Brighton is trying to create something here.
49	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
49	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
48	The referee signals a free kick as Jakub Moder from Brighton trips Albert Sambi Lokonga
48	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
47	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
47	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	The game is restarted.
46	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
46	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
47	Brighton has been the better team in this half
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Brighton: 60%, Arsenal: 40%.
46	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Goal kick for Brighton.
45	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
45	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
45	Jakub Moder relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
45	Ball possession: Brighton: 62%, Arsenal: 38%.
44	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Emile Smith-Rowe puts in a cross...
44	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
44	Jakub Moder relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
44	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
43	Brighton is in control of the ball.
43	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Brighton is in control of the ball.
42	The ref blows his whistle. Gabriel charged Neal Maupay from behind and it's a free-kick
41	Brighton is in control of the ball.
41	Goal kick for Brighton.
40	Thomas from Arsenal tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
40	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
40	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
40	Ball possession: Brighton: 63%, Arsenal: 37%.
40	Goal kick for Arsenal.
40	Jakub Moder from Brighton makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
40	Thomas relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Pascal Gross puts in a cross...
39	Brighton is trying to create something here.
39	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Brighton is in control of the ball.
38	The referee signals a free kick as Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal trips Neal Maupay
38	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
37	How did he miss that? Shane Duffy has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
37	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
37	Thomas clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
37	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
36	Brighton is trying to create something here.
36	Goal kick for Brighton.
36	Thomas goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
35	Shane Duffy from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Emile Smith-Rowe
35	Ball possession: Brighton: 61%, Arsenal: 39%.
35	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Goal kick for Arsenal.
34	Leandro Trossard from Brighton tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
34	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
34	The match is very one-sided right now. Brighton are clearly dominating possession
33	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Jakub Moder from Brighton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
33	Brighton is in control of the ball.
32	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
31	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
31	Neal Maupay send an audacious bicycle-kick wide of goal
31	Pascal Gross from Brighton picks out a team mate with a great pass.
30	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	A shot by Adam Lallana is blocked.
30	Marc Cucurella of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
30	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
30	Daniel Burn is penalised for pushing Bukayo Saka.
30	Ball possession: Brighton: 57%, Arsenal: 43%.
29	Goal kick for Arsenal.
29	What a miss! Daniel Burn has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
29	Lewis Dunk from Brighton puts in a great cross...
29	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
28	Leandro Trossard sees his shot deflected off target
28	Adam Lallana from Brighton picks out a team mate with a great pass.
28	A chance opens up as Neal Maupay from Brighton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
28	Brighton is trying to create something here.
27	Goal kick for Arsenal.
27	Neal Maupay from Brighton tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
26	A shot by Leandro Trossard is blocked.
26	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
26	Thomas clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
26	Adam Lallana from Brighton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
26	Danger! Pascal Gross from Brighton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
25	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Joel Veltman puts in a cross...
25	Ball possession: Brighton: 53%, Arsenal: 47%.
24	Brighton is in control of the ball.
24	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	POST! A header by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang hits the post!
23	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
23	Danger! Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
23	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
22	Brighton is in control of the ball.
22	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Goal kick for Arsenal.
21	Dangerous challenge by Shane Duffy from Brighton. Aaron Ramsdale on the receiving end of that.
21	Aaron Ramsdale comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
21	Neal Maupay puts in a cross...
20	Joel Veltman from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
20	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
20	Ball possession: Brighton: 46%, Arsenal: 54%.
19	Brighton is trying to create something here.
18	Brighton is in control of the ball.
17	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
16	Goal kick for Arsenal.
16	How did he miss that? Leandro Trossard has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
16	Danger! Jakub Moder from Brighton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
16	Brighton is trying to create something here.
15	Ball possession: Brighton: 42%, Arsenal: 58%.
15	Goal kick for Arsenal.
15	Leandro Trossard from Brighton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
15	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
15	Kieran Tierney clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
15	Marc Cucurella from Brighton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
15	Danger! Adam Lallana from Brighton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
14	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Brighton is in control of the ball.
13	Thomas relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Leandro Trossard puts in a cross...
13	Brighton is trying to create something here.
13	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
12	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
12	Thomas swings in a cross from the free kick.
12	The referee signals a free kick as Jakub Moder from Brighton trips Emile Smith-Rowe
11	Marc Cucurella from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
11	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
11	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Ball possession: Brighton: 32%, Arsenal: 68%.
10	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
10	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
9	Goal kick for Arsenal.
9	That's a great ball by Shane Duffy from Brighton. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
8	Brighton is in control of the ball.
8	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
7	Brighton is in control of the ball.
6	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
6	Brighton is trying to create something here.
6	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
6	Kieran Tierney from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
5	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
5	The referee signals a free kick as Joel Veltman from Brighton trips Kieran Tierney
5	Ball possession: Brighton: 46%, Arsenal: 54%.
5	Leandro Trossard comes back onto the field.
4	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
4	The game is restarted.
4	Leandro Trossard is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
3	Leandro Trossard is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
3	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
3	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
2	Brighton is trying to create something here.
1	Good effort by Bukayo Saka as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
1	Great skill from Bukayo Saka as he dribbles past his opponents
1	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
1	Jakub Moder from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
1	The pitch is wet and slippery and it is not helping the players.
1	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
1	Arsenal kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to The American Express Community Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 73128.
95	Ball possession: Manchester United: 72%, Everton: 28%.
95	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United is ruled offside.
94	Bruno Fernandes swings in a cross from the free kick.
93	The referee signals a free kick as Yerry Mina from Everton trips Jadon Sancho
93	Goal kick for Everton.
92	Demarai Gray is leaving the field to be replaced by Lewis Dobbin in a tactical substitution.
91	Ball possession: Manchester United: 71%, Everton: 29%.
91	Jose Salomon Rondon is penalised for pushing Scott McTominay.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Good effort by Jadon Sancho as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
90	Cristiano Ronaldo of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
90	Yerry Mina relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Aaron Wan-Bissaka puts in a cross...
90	Paul Pogba from Manchester United sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
89	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
87	Paul Pogba is penalised for pushing Yerry Mina.
87	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
86	Ball possession: Manchester United: 71%, Everton: 29%.
86	Yerry Mina from Everton is ruled offside.
86	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for Everton is revoked due to offside.
86	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
85	GOOOOOAAL!! Everton score! Yerry Mina is on the scoresheet.
85	Tom Davies from Everton directs a ball squarely in the box.
85	Ben Godfrey from Everton makes a great pass and space opens up...
85	Raphael Varane relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Demarai Gray from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
85	Abdoulaye Doucoure sees his shot deflected off target
85	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
85	Mason Greenwood could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
84	Goal kick for Everton.
84	Paul Pogba from Manchester United heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
84	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
83	Paul Pogba from Manchester United sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
83	Bruno Fernandes of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
83	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
82	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	Goal kick for Everton.
82	Paul Pogba fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
82	Jadon Sancho of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
81	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Ball possession: Manchester United: 71%, Everton: 29%.
80	Goal kick for Everton.
80	The game is restarted.
79	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
79	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
79	Aaron Wan-Bissaka puts in a cross...
79	That looked a fine chance. Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
79	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
77	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United is ruled offside.
77	Could be a good chance here as Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
77	Cristiano Ronaldo from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
76	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
76	Yellow card for Abdoulaye Doucoure.
76	Reckless challenge there. Abdoulaye Doucoure commits a rough foul on Bruno Fernandes
76	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Lucas Digne from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
75	Ball possession: Manchester United: 70%, Everton: 30%.
75	Goal kick for Everton.
75	Cristiano Ronaldo sends a shot inches wide. Close!
74	Jadon Sancho of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
74	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
74	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
74	Everton start a counter attack.
73	A shot by Scott McTominay is blocked.
73	Paul Pogba of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
73	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	Anthony Gordon is leaving the field to be replaced by Tom Davies in a tactical substitution.
71	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
71	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Jadon Sancho puts in a cross...
71	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
70	Fred is coming off and he is replaced by Paul Pogba.
70	Andros Townsend from Everton tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
70	Ben Godfrey of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
70	Ball possession: Manchester United: 69%, Everton: 31%.
69	Raphael Varane relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Anthony Gordon from Everton sends a deflected cross into the box.
69	Mason Greenwood is penalised for pushing Andros Townsend.
69	Raphael Varane from Manchester United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
68	Luke Shaw from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
68	Andros Townsend clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
68	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
68	Anthony Gordon clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
68	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
67	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
67	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Mason Greenwood
67	Luke Shaw from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
67	Luke Shaw from Manchester United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
67	Yerry Mina relieves the pressure with a clearance
67	Mason Greenwood puts in a cross...
66	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: Manchester United: 69%, Everton: 31%.
65	Abdoulaye Doucoure provided the assist for the goal.
65	GOOOOOAAL! - Andros Townsend scores with the right foot!
65	Abdoulaye Doucoure of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
65	Great skill from Abdoulaye Doucoure as he dribbles past his opponents
65	Everton start a counter attack.
65	Allan relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
64	Scott McTominay from Manchester United sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
64	Bruno Fernandes of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
64	Jose Salomon Rondon is penalised for pushing Cristiano Ronaldo.
63	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
63	The referee signals a free kick as Allan from Everton trips Luke Shaw
62	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
61	Scott McTominay goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
61	Bruno Fernandes of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
61	Manchester United start a counter attack.
60	Ball possession: Manchester United: 68%, Everton: 32%.
60	The referee signals a free kick as Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United trips Allan
60	Great vision by Michael Keane from Everton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
60	Great skill from Mason Greenwood as he dribbles past his opponents
60	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
59	Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
59	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
59	Goal kick for Manchester United.
59	Demarai Gray goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
59	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
58	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
57	Edinson Cavani is leaving the field to be replaced by Cristiano Ronaldo in a tactical substitution.
57	Anthony Martial is leaving the field to be replaced by Jadon Sancho in a tactical substitution.
56	Andros Townsend from Everton heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
56	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
56	Lucas Digne from Everton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Luke Shaw comes back onto the field.
56	The game is restarted.
56	Ball possession: Manchester United: 70%, Everton: 30%.
56	Luke Shaw is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
55	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
54	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	The referee signals a free kick as Luke Shaw from Manchester United trips Andros Townsend
53	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
53	Everton is trying to create something here.
52	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Anthony Martial from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
50	Everton is in control of the ball.
50	Ball possession: Manchester United: 69%, Everton: 31%.
49	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
49	Mason Greenwood shoots from outside the box, but Jordan Pickford has it under control
48	Luke Shaw from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
48	Anthony Martial from Manchester United tries to play a 1-2 with Bruno Fernandes, but the ball is intercepted.
47	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
47	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Manchester United: 67%, Everton: 33%.
47	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
47	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United sends a deflected cross into the box.
47	Allan is penalised for pushing Mason Greenwood.
46	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
46	Anthony Martial goes for glory from long range but the keeper is equal to his shot and saves it!
46	Some neat football here as Anthony Martial from Manchester United plays a 1-2 with Edinson Cavani.
45	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Manchester United: 65%, Everton: 35%.
45	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
44	Everton is in control of the ball.
43	Bruno Fernandes provided the assist for the goal.
43	GOOOOOAAL! - Anthony Martial scores with the right foot!
43	Bruno Fernandes of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
43	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
43	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
42	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Luke Shaw puts in a cross...
42	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
41	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Ball possession: Manchester United: 63%, Everton: 37%.
39	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
39	Yerry Mina from Everton heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
39	Demarai Gray swings in a cross from the free kick.
38	The referee signals a free kick as Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United trips Demarai Gray
38	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Anthony Martial from Manchester United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
37	Scott McTominay puts in a cross...
37	Yerry Mina relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Anthony Martial puts in a cross...
37	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Ball possession: Manchester United: 63%, Everton: 37%.
36	A shot by Abdoulaye Doucoure is blocked.
36	Andros Townsend from Everton puts in a great cross...
35	Dangerous challenge by Demarai Gray from Everton. Mason Greenwood on the receiving end of that.
35	Scott McTominay relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Lucas Digne swings in a cross from the free kick.
34	Yellow card for Mason Greenwood.
34	Mason Greenwood is penalised for pushing Anthony Gordon.
34	The referee signals a free kick as Demarai Gray from Everton trips Fred
33	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
33	Demarai Gray tests David De Gea with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
33	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
32	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
32	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
31	Ball possession: Manchester United: 65%, Everton: 35%.
31	Anthony Gordon from Everton makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
30	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	The game is restarted.
29	The play is stopped. The players are pushing and shouting at each-other, the referee should take action.
28	Goal kick for Everton.
27	Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
27	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
26	Mason Greenwood shoots from outside the box, but Jordan Pickford has it under control
26	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
25	A shot by Jose Salomon Rondon is blocked.
25	Abdoulaye Doucoure of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
25	Andros Townsend of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
25	Andros Townsend from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
25	Fred could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
25	Ball possession: Manchester United: 65%, Everton: 35%.
24	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Lucas Digne relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
24	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
24	Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
23	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
23	Allan from Everton crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
23	Raphael Varane relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Demarai Gray swings in a cross from the free kick.
22	The referee signals a free kick as Fred from Manchester United trips Demarai Gray
21	Ball possession: Manchester United: 64%, Everton: 36%.
21	Yerry Mina relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Luke Shaw from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
21	So nearly a goal there! Edinson Cavani's header looked destined for the back of the net but Jordan Pickford saves it!
21	Fred from Manchester United chips the ball into the penalty box.
20	Everton is in control of the ball.
20	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
20	Anthony Martial puts in a cross...
19	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Everton is trying to create something here.
18	Anthony Gordon from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
18	Raphael Varane relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Ben Godfrey puts in a cross...
18	Everton start a counter attack.
18	Yerry Mina relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Mason Greenwood puts in a cross...
18	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United takes a short corner kick from the right.
17	Scott McTominay from Manchester United sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
17	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
17	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
16	Ball possession: Manchester United: 66%, Everton: 34%.
16	Goal kick for Manchester United.
16	A chance presents itself to Michael Keane from Everton but his header goes wide
16	Andros Townsend swings in a cross from the free kick.
15	Luke Shaw is penalised for pushing Andros Townsend.
15	Demarai Gray from Everton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
15	Aaron Wan-Bissaka relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Ben Godfrey puts in a cross...
15	Demarai Gray from Everton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
15	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Anthony Martial relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Lucas Digne swings in a cross from the free kick.
14	Aaron Wan-Bissaka is penalised for pushing Jose Salomon Rondon.
13	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Goal kick for Everton.
12	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
11	Ball possession: Manchester United: 67%, Everton: 33%.
11	Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton is ruled offside.
11	Lucas Digne of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
10	Everton is in control of the ball.
10	Everton is in control of the ball.
10	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	The pitch is wet and slippery and it is not helping the players.
9	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
9	That looked a fine chance. Mason Greenwood from Manchester United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
9	Abdoulaye Doucoure relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Luke Shaw from Manchester United swings in the corner from the left.
8	Luke Shaw from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
8	Manchester United with a potentially dangerous attack.
7	Dangerous challenge by Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United. Ben Godfrey on the receiving end of that.
7	Goal kick for Everton.
6	Anthony Martial from Manchester United heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
6	Aaron Wan-Bissaka of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
6	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
5	Ball possession: Manchester United: 51%, Everton: 49%.
4	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
3	Manchester United take a throw-in in the opponent's half of the field.
2	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
1	Everton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Old Trafford, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	The referee shows James McArthur the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
97	The referee shows Robert Sanchez the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
97	Brighton just managed to keep the parity in the game.
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
97	Today's attendance is 22975.
97	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 47%, Brighton: 53%.
97	The game is restarted.
97	The game is on hold due to fireworks on the pitch.
96	The referee shows Jakub Moder the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
96	EQUALISER!!! They managed to score a last minute equaliser! Is there time for a late thriller?
95	Joel Veltman provided the assist for the goal.
95	GOOOOOAAL! - An excellent lob by Neal Maupay from Brighton with the right foot.
95	CHANCE! Neal Maupay finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
95	Joel Veltman carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
95	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 47%, Brighton: 53%.
94	Shane Duffy is penalised for pushing Vicente Guaita.
94	Pascal Gross puts in a cross...
94	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	A player from Brighton sends a shot outside the penalty box, but the Vicente Guaita manages to grab the ball.
93	Adam Lallana from Brighton makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
92	Conor Gallagher is penalised for pushing Adam Lallana.
92	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace takes a short corner kick from the left.
91	Shane Duffy clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
91	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
90	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 47%, Brighton: 53%.
90	Shane Duffy sends a header towards goal, but Vicente Guaita is there to comfortably save it
90	Pascal Gross swings in a cross from the free kick.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Cheikhou Kouyate from Crystal Palace trips Aaron Connolly
89	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
88	Marc Cucurella from Brighton crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
87	Brighton is trying to create something here.
87	Conor Gallagher is penalised for pushing Aaron Connolly.
86	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
86	Jordan Ayew is leaving the field to be replaced by Jeffrey Schlupp in a tactical substitution.
85	Brighton is in control of the ball.
85	Shane Duffy from Brighton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
85	Adam Lallana puts in a cross...
85	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 48%, Brighton: 52%.
85	James McArthur relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Marc Cucurella swings in a cross from the free kick.
84	Yellow card for Conor Gallagher.
84	Reckless challenge there. Conor Gallagher commits a rough foul on Marc Cucurella
83	Brighton is trying to create something here.
83	Brighton is in control of the ball.
82	Jordan Ayew is penalised for pushing Adam Lallana.
82	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
82	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
81	After a tactical foul, Leandro Trossard sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
81	Leandro Trossard is penalised for pushing Wilfried Zaha.
81	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
81	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
80	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 49%, Brighton: 51%.
80	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
79	Leandro Trossard from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but Vicente Guaita comes out to smother the ball.
79	Brighton is trying to create something here.
79	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Marc Cucurella from Brighton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
78	Brighton is in control of the ball.
78	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
77	Goal kick for Brighton.
77	The referee runs back to show Marc Cucurella from Brighton a yellow card for the previous foul.
77	How did he miss that? Jordan Ayew has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
77	Could be a good chance here as Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
77	Marc Cucurella from Brighton concedes a foul on Conor Gallagher but the referee decides against stopping the play and waves play on!
77	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
76	Danny Welbeck is injured and is replaced by Aaron Connolly.
76	The game is restarted.
76	Danny Welbeck is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
75	Danny Welbeck is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
75	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
75	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 50%, Brighton: 50%.
75	Christian Benteke relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
74	Brighton is in control of the ball.
73	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Jakub Moder from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
72	Brighton is trying to create something here.
72	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
72	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
72	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
72	Luka Milivojevic is leaving the field to be replaced by Cheikhou Kouyate in a tactical substitution.
72	Odsonne Edouard is leaving the field to be replaced by Christian Benteke in a tactical substitution.
71	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 52%, Brighton: 48%.
69	Brighton is trying to create something here.
69	Brighton is in control of the ball.
69	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
68	The referee signals a free kick as Leandro Trossard from Brighton trips Wilfried Zaha
68	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
67	Luka Milivojevic relieves the pressure with a clearance
67	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
67	Marc Guehi clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
67	Jakub Moder puts in a cross...
66	Goal kick for Brighton.
66	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Steven Alzate is injured and is replaced by Jakub Moder.
65	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 52%, Brighton: 48%.
63	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
63	Brighton is trying to create something here.
62	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Marc Cucurella
61	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	Great vision by Robert Sanchez from Brighton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
61	Joachim Andersen from Crystal Palace tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
61	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
61	Steven Alzate relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the left.
60	Shane Duffy clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
60	James McArthur of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
60	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
60	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 52%, Brighton: 48%.
59	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
59	Brighton is in control of the ball.
59	Safe hands from Vicente Guaita as he comes out and claims the ball
58	Pascal Gross puts in a cross...
58	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
57	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the left.
57	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
56	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	Pascal Gross swings in a cross from the free kick.
55	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 54%, Brighton: 46%.
55	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace trips Joel Veltman
55	Joel Veltman from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
55	Brighton is trying to create something here.
54	Brighton is in control of the ball.
53	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace is ruled offside.
52	Could be a good chance here as Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
52	Robert Sanchez could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
52	A shot by Adam Lallana is blocked.
52	Odsonne Edouard relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
51	A shot by Adam Lallana is blocked.
51	Leandro Trossard from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
51	Vicente Guaita relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
51	Lewis Dunk directs a header goal-bound but it's saved to a corner-kick by Vicente Guaita!
51	Marc Cucurella swings in a cross from the free kick.
50	The referee signals a free kick as Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace trips Neal Maupay
50	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 55%, Brighton: 45%.
50	The referee signals a free kick as Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace trips Adam Lallana
49	Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
49	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
49	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
48	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
48	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	The referee signals a free kick as James McArthur from Crystal Palace trips Neal Maupay
47	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
46	Brighton is trying to create something here.
46	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Daniel Burn is leaving the field to be replaced by Steven Alzate in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
48	The only goal scored by Crystal Palace gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 57%, Brighton: 43%.
47	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace puts it away from the penalty spot with the right foot! Robert Sanchez chose the wrong side.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	PENALTY - Leandro Trossard from Brighton concedes a penalty for pushing Conor Gallagher.
45	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
45	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 55%, Brighton: 45%.
44	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
44	Great vision by Marc Cucurella from Brighton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
44	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
42	Daniel Burn relieves the pressure with a clearance
42	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
42	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
42	Lewis Dunk from Brighton is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
42	Luka Milivojevic puts in a cross...
41	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
40	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 53%, Brighton: 47%.
40	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace passes the ball, but his teammate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
40	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
40	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
39	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Adam Lallana fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
38	Poor play by Marc Guehi as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
38	Pascal Gross from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
37	Marc Cucurella from Brighton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
37	Leandro Trossard of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
37	Brighton is in control of the ball.
36	The referee signals a free kick as Danny Welbeck from Brighton trips Jordan Ayew
36	Wilfried Zaha goes for goal and sees his shot helped by a deflection...
35	Luka Milivojevic of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
35	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
35	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 53%, Brighton: 47%.
34	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
34	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace trips Shane Duffy
34	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
33	Danny Welbeck has a great chance to score, but Vicente Guaita comes out strongly to save!
33	Robert Sanchez sends a long ball upfield.
32	Brighton is in control of the ball.
32	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
31	Joel Veltman from Brighton crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
31	Brighton is trying to create something here.
30	Brighton is in control of the ball.
30	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 56%, Brighton: 44%.
30	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
29	Leandro Trossard from Brighton sends an effort wide of target
29	Pascal Gross from Brighton makes a great pass and space opens up...
29	Pascal Gross from Brighton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
29	Brighton is trying to create something here.
28	Adam Lallana pulls a player from the opposite team by the shirt and is booked.
28	Adam Lallana from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down James McArthur
28	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Brighton is in control of the ball.
26	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
26	Leandro Trossard is penalised for pushing Luka Milivojevic.
26	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
25	Luka Milivojevic goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
25	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 57%, Brighton: 43%.
25	Marc Cucurella is penalised for pushing Jordan Ayew.
24	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Marc Guehi puts in a cross...
23	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
23	The referee signals a free kick as Marc Cucurella from Brighton trips Conor Gallagher
23	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
22	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
22	Brighton with a potentially dangerous attack.
21	Both teams are playing fair and the ref is hardly noticeable.
21	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
20	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 53%, Brighton: 47%.
20	Good effort by Odsonne Edouard as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
20	Joachim Andersen of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
19	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
19	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Brighton is trying to create something here.
17	A shot by Luka Milivojevic is blocked.
17	Jordan Ayew of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
16	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
15	Brighton is in control of the ball.
15	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
15	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 55%, Brighton: 45%.
14	Pascal Gross relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
14	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
13	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
13	Brighton is trying to create something here.
12	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Joel Ward from Crystal Palace crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
11	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
11	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
11	Pascal Gross could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
10	Brighton is in control of the ball.
10	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 66%, Brighton: 34%.
10	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	Brighton is in control of the ball.
8	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
8	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the left.
8	A shot by Conor Gallagher is blocked.
7	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
7	Jordan Ayew sees his shot deflected off target
7	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace heads the ball to a team mate.
7	Tyrick Mitchell puts in a cross...
6	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
5	Brighton is trying to create something here.
5	The referee signals a free kick as James McArthur from Crystal Palace trips Pascal Gross
5	Ball possession: Crystal Palace: 62%, Brighton: 38%.
5	The game is restarted.
5	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
4	Neal Maupay hand-balls.
4	Danny Welbeck from Brighton tries to play a 1-2 with Neal Maupay, but the ball is intercepted.
4	Brighton is trying to create something here.
4	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
4	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
3	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Luka Milivojevic from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the left.
3	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
2	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
2	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
2	Brighton is in control of the ball.
1	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
1	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Brighton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Selhurst Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Arsenal with a deserved victory after a fine display
96	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Ball possession: Arsenal: 47%, Tottenham: 53%.
96	Goal kick for Arsenal.
95	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
95	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
94	The referee signals a free kick as Lucas Moura from Tottenham trips Martin Oedegaard
94	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Lucas Moura puts in a cross...
94	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
93	Dangerous challenge by Ainsley Maitland-Niles from Arsenal. Bryan Gil on the receiving end of that.
93	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham is ruled offside.
92	Thomas relieves the pressure with a clearance
92	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
92	Takehiro Tomiyasu clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
92	Lucas Moura from Tottenham sees his effort hit the crossbar after the keeper parries the ball.
91	Thomas relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Lucas Moura puts in a cross...
91	After a tactical foul, Albert Sambi Lokonga sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
91	Albert Sambi Lokonga from Arsenal goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Bryan Gil
91	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Emerson from Tottenham trips Nuno Tavares
90	Ball possession: Arsenal: 46%, Tottenham: 54%.
88	Nuno Tavares from Arsenal directs a ball squarely in the box, but Hugo Lloris runs out to collect the ball
88	Albert Sambi Lokonga swings in a cross from the free kick.
88	Heung-Min Son is penalised for pushing Thomas.
88	Emile Smith-Rowe is leaving the field to be replaced by Nuno Tavares in a tactical substitution.
88	The referee is not having the complaints from Martin Oedegaard who is given a yellow card for dissent
87	Bukayo Saka is leaving the field to be replaced by Ainsley Maitland-Niles in a tactical substitution.
87	Emerson from Tottenham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Emile Smith-Rowe
86	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
86	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Arsenal: 48%, Tottenham: 52%.
85	Thomas relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Bryan Gil puts in a cross...
84	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
84	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
83	Harry Kane from Tottenham is ruled offside.
83	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
83	Kieran Tierney fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
83	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	The game is restarted.
82	Granit Xhaka is injured and is replaced by Albert Sambi Lokonga.
81	It doesn't look good here as Granit Xhaka is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
80	Granit Xhaka is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
80	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
79	Ball possession: Arsenal: 49%, Tottenham: 51%.
79	Sergio Reguilon provided the assist for the goal.
79	GOOOOOAAL! - Heung-Min Son scores with the right foot!
79	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
78	Bukayo Saka relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Emerson puts in a cross...
78	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
77	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	The game is restarted.
77	Bukayo Saka comes back onto the field.
77	It doesn't look good here as Bukayo Saka is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
76	Bukayo Saka is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
76	Granit Xhaka is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
75	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
75	Ball possession: Arsenal: 51%, Tottenham: 49%.
74	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
74	Oh no. From a promising position Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
74	Gabriel from Arsenal heads the ball to a team mate.
74	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
74	It's a good hit from long range by Bukayo Saka who forces a save from Hugo Lloris. Corner kick.
73	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
72	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal trips Oliver Skipp
72	The match is being played at a slow tempo with neither side having the upper hand
72	Davinson Sanchez from Tottenham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
71	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Kieran Tierney relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
70	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Ball possession: Arsenal: 50%, Tottenham: 50%.
70	Tanguy Ndombele is leaving the field to be replaced by Bryan Gil in a tactical substitution.
69	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
68	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang volleys a shot on target, but the keeper saves it.
68	Martin Oedegaard swings in a cross from the free kick.
67	Oliver Skipp from Tottenham receives a yellow card after a dangerous challenge on an opponent player.
67	Dangerous challenge by Oliver Skipp from Tottenham. Thomas on the receiving end of that.
66	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
66	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
65	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Ball possession: Arsenal: 49%, Tottenham: 51%.
65	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
64	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Granit Xhaka from Arsenal goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Tanguy Ndombele
63	Goal kick for Arsenal.
63	How did he miss that? Harry Kane has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
63	CHANCE! Harry Kane finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
63	Harry Kane from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
63	Eric Dier sends a long ball upfield.
62	Takehiro Tomiyasu is penalised for pushing Heung-Min Son.
62	Goal kick for Arsenal.
61	Lucas Moura from Tottenham heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
61	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
61	Takehiro Tomiyasu clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
61	Harry Kane tests Aaron Ramsdale with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
60	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
60	Heung-Min Son swings in a cross from the free kick.
60	Ball possession: Arsenal: 50%, Tottenham: 50%.
60	The referee signals a free kick as Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal trips Tanguy Ndombele
59	Today's attendance is 59919.
59	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
59	Lucas Moura puts in a cross...
58	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
58	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
57	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
57	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Oliver Skipp from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
55	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
55	Tanguy Ndombele from Tottenham sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
55	Great skill from Tanguy Ndombele as he dribbles past his opponents
55	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Ball possession: Arsenal: 53%, Tottenham: 47%.
54	Takehiro Tomiyasu sends a header towards goal, but Hugo Lloris is there to comfortably save it
54	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
54	Davinson Sanchez clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
53	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
53	Martin Oedegaard puts in a cross...
53	A chance opens up as Bukayo Saka from Arsenal successfully finds a team mate in the area...
53	Davinson Sanchez relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Emile Smith-Rowe puts in a cross...
53	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal takes a short corner kick from the right.
52	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
52	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
51	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Ball possession: Arsenal: 55%, Tottenham: 45%.
50	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
49	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
48	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
48	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Goal kick for Tottenham.
47	Thomas fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
47	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Japhet Tanganga is leaving the field to be replaced by Emerson in a tactical substitution.
46	Dele Alli is leaving the field to be replaced by Oliver Skipp in a tactical substitution.
46	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal is ruled offside.
46	Davinson Sanchez relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Bukayo Saka puts in a cross...
46	The second half is underway.
48	Arsenal has been the better team in this half
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Arsenal: 56%, Tottenham: 44%.
47	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
46	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	The referee signals a free kick as Lucas Moura from Tottenham trips Kieran Tierney
45	Lucas Moura from Tottenham passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
45	Ball possession: Arsenal: 59%, Tottenham: 41%.
44	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
43	Goal kick for Arsenal.
42	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Sergio Reguilon
41	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Tanguy Ndombele relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	Granit Xhaka puts in a cross...
41	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
40	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
40	Ball possession: Arsenal: 58%, Tottenham: 42%.
39	The referee signals a free kick as Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham trips Bukayo Saka
39	Goal kick for Arsenal.
39	A chance presents itself to Harry Kane from Tottenham but his header goes wide
39	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
38	Gabriel clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
38	Japhet Tanganga puts in a cross...
38	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
37	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
36	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
36	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
35	Ball possession: Arsenal: 61%, Tottenham: 39%.
34	GOOOOOAAL! - Bukayo Saka reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
34	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
34	Arsenal start a counter attack.
34	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
33	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
33	Harry Kane from Tottenham is ruled offside.
32	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
31	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
31	Harry Kane from Tottenham goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Bukayo Saka
30	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
30	Ball possession: Arsenal: 62%, Tottenham: 38%.
29	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Emile Smith-Rowe provided the assist for the goal.
27	GOOOOOAAL! - Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scores with the left foot!
27	Emile Smith-Rowe of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
27	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
27	Could be a good chance here as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
27	Arsenal start a counter attack.
27	The referee signals a free kick as Lucas Moura from Tottenham trips Granit Xhaka
27	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
26	Dangerous challenge by Granit Xhaka from Arsenal. Lucas Moura on the receiving end of that.
25	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
25	Ball possession: Arsenal: 64%, Tottenham: 36%.
25	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
24	Harry Kane goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
24	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal trips Lucas Moura
23	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
23	A chance presents itself to Japhet Tanganga from Tottenham but his header goes wide
23	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
22	Heung-Min Son forces a good save from Aaron Ramsdale who turns the ball behind for a corner!
22	Great skill from Heung-Min Son as he dribbles past his opponents
22	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
22	Great vision by Gabriel from Arsenal as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
22	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
22	Lucas Moura of Tottenham passes the ball to a team mate.
21	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
21	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Goal kick for Arsenal.
19	Ball possession: Arsenal: 74%, Tottenham: 26%.
19	Japhet Tanganga from Tottenham crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
19	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
18	The referee signals a free kick as Davinson Sanchez from Tottenham trips Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
18	Goal kick for Tottenham.
17	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
17	Gabriel from Arsenal tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
17	Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
17	It's a good hit from long range by Thomas who forces a save from Hugo Lloris. Corner kick.
17	Some neat football here as Bukayo Saka from Arsenal plays a 1-2 with Martin Oedegaard.
16	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang puts in a cross...
16	Could be a good chance here as Gabriel from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
16	Goal kick for Arsenal.
15	Lucas Moura from Tottenham crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
15	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Poor play by Kieran Tierney as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
15	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
15	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Arsenal: 70%, Tottenham: 30%.
14	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
14	Arsenal is having a good opportunity to score.
14	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
13	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
12	Bukayo Saka provided the assist for the goal.
12	GOOOOOAAL! - Emile Smith-Rowe scores with the right foot!
12	Bukayo Saka of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
12	Martin Oedegaard of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
12	Arsenal start a counter attack.
11	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
10	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
10	Japhet Tanganga sends a long ball upfield.
10	Ball possession: Arsenal: 67%, Tottenham: 33%.
10	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	The referee signals a free kick as Ben White from Arsenal trips Harry Kane
9	The referee signals a free kick as Japhet Tanganga from Tottenham trips Emile Smith-Rowe
8	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
8	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
8	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
7	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal is ruled offside.
7	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
6	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham is ruled offside.
6	Dele Alli from Tottenham heads the ball to a team mate.
5	The referee signals a free kick as Granit Xhaka from Arsenal trips Lucas Moura
5	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
5	Ball possession: Arsenal: 71%, Tottenham: 29%.
4	The referee signals a free kick as Bukayo Saka from Arsenal trips Sergio Reguilon
4	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
4	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
3	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham trips Thomas
3	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
2	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
1	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Tottenham kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Emirates Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
98	Jose Sa from Wolverhampton Wanderers is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
98	Both teams could have won today but Wolverhampton Wanderers just managed to carve out the victory
98	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
98	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
98	Ball possession: Southampton: 57%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 43%.
97	Today's attendance is 28002.
97	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
97	The game is restarted.
97	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
97	Great skill from Moussa Djenepo as he dribbles past his opponents
96	Ki-Jana Hoever relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Shane Long puts in a cross...
96	Goal kick for Southampton.
95	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the left.
95	Should have been a goal! Raul Jimenez gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Alex McCarthy!
95	Oriol Romeu could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
95	Ball possession: Southampton: 57%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 43%.
94	Jan Bednarek from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
94	Oriol Romeu puts in a cross...
94	Shane Long from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
93	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down James Ward-Prowse
93	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
93	Jan Bednarek from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
93	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
92	The ref blows his whistle. Fernando Marcal charged Valentino Livramento from behind and it's a free-kick
92	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
91	The game is restarted.
91	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
91	The fourth official shows there are 6 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Moussa Djenepo puts in a cross...
90	Ball possession: Southampton: 56%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 44%.
90	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
89	That's a great ball by Moussa Djenepo from Southampton. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
88	Moussa Djenepo from Southampton makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
88	Hee-Chan Hwang is leaving the field to be replaced by Ruben Neves in a tactical substitution.
87	Nelson Semedo is injured and is replaced by Ki-Jana Hoever.
87	The match is very one-sided right now. Southampton are clearly dominating possession
87	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Nelson Semedo comes back onto the field.
86	Raul Jimenez relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
86	The game is restarted.
86	It doesn't look good here as Nelson Semedo is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
85	Ball possession: Southampton: 55%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 45%.
84	Nelson Semedo is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
84	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
83	Romain Saiss clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
83	Moussa Djenepo from Southampton sends an effort wide of target
83	Southampton is trying to create something here.
82	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	Raul Jimenez relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
82	Shane Long has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
82	Adam Armstrong from Southampton sends an effort wide of target
82	Mohammed Salisu puts in a cross...
81	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	Danger averted there as Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers clears the danger with a good tackle
81	Southampton start a counter attack.
80	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers sends a deflected cross into the box.
80	Ball possession: Southampton: 55%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 45%.
80	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Armstrong from Southampton trips Raul Jimenez
79	Joao Moutinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Adam Armstrong puts in a cross...
79	Southampton is in control of the ball.
78	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
78	Danger averted there as Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers clears the danger with a good tackle
78	Adam Armstrong from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
77	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Armando Broja hand-balls.
77	Poor play by Nelson Semedo as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
76	Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
76	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
76	Shane Long clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
75	Fernando Marcal puts in a cross...
75	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Hee-Chan Hwang
75	Ball possession: Southampton: 55%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 45%.
74	Kyle Walker-Peters is leaving the field to be replaced by Shane Long in a tactical substitution.
74	Dangerous challenge by Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton. Nelson Semedo on the receiving end of that.
74	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Oriol Romeu puts in a cross...
73	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Mohammed Salisu puts in a cross...
72	Southampton is trying to create something here.
72	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Daniel Podence is leaving the field to be replaced by Adama Traore in a tactical substitution.
70	The resulting free-kick is taken by James Ward-Prowse and his strike forces a good save from Jose Sa. It's a corner
70	Ball possession: Southampton: 53%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 47%.
69	Obstruction as Joao Moutinho cuts off the run of Moussa Djenepo. A free-kick is awarded.
69	A shot by Kyle Walker-Peters is blocked.
68	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	James Ward-Prowse puts in a cross...
67	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
67	Oriol Romeu is penalised for pushing Joao Moutinho.
67	Adam Armstrong from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
66	Nelson Semedo clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
66	Valentino Livramento from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
65	Nelson Semedo relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Valentino Livramento puts in a cross...
65	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Ball possession: Southampton: 53%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 47%.
64	Nathan Redmond is leaving the field to be replaced by Moussa Djenepo in a tactical substitution.
64	Che Adams is leaving the field to be replaced by Armando Broja in a tactical substitution.
64	Good effort by Che Adams as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
63	Could be a good chance here as Oriol Romeu from Southampton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
63	Southampton is in control of the ball.
62	A fantastic individual effort by Raul Jimenez!
61	Jose Sa provided the assist for the goal.
61	GOOOOOAAL! - Raul Jimenez scores with the right foot!
61	Great skill from Raul Jimenez as he dribbles past his opponents
61	Jose Sa sends a long ball upfield.
61	Nathan Redmond has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
61	A shot by Mohamed Elyounoussi is blocked.
60	Southampton is in control of the ball.
60	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
60	Ball possession: Southampton: 52%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 48%.
59	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers looks to have committed a foul on Kyle Walker-Peters but the referee is not having it and waves play on!
59	Kyle Walker-Peters relieves the pressure with a clearance
59	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Joao Moutinho of Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball to a team mate.
58	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	Could be a good chance here as Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
58	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Danger averted there as Jan Bednarek from Southampton clears the danger with a good tackle
58	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
57	Nathan Redmond from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
57	Southampton are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
56	Che Adams from Southampton is ruled offside.
56	Mohamed Elyounoussi releases a shot, it's parried by Jose Sa but he can't hold onto it...
56	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Nelson Semedo relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
55	Valentino Livramento forces a good save from Jose Sa who turns the ball behind for a corner!
55	Adam Armstrong puts in a cross...
55	Southampton start a counter attack.
55	Ball possession: Southampton: 52%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 48%.
55	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
54	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
54	Nathan Redmond puts in a cross...
54	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
53	A shot by Nathan Redmond is blocked.
53	Nelson Semedo relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Adam Armstrong puts in a cross...
52	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	A shot by Leander Dendoncker is blocked.
52	A shot by Hee-Chan Hwang is blocked.
52	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the right.
51	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to play a 1-2 with Nelson Semedo, but the ball is intercepted.
51	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton looks to have committed a foul on Joao Moutinho but the referee is not having it and waves play on!
51	Southampton is in control of the ball.
50	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Ball possession: Southampton: 52%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 48%.
50	Che Adams is penalised for pushing Max Kilman.
49	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
49	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
49	Adam Armstrong of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
49	Che Adams of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
49	Southampton is in control of the ball.
48	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
48	Mohammed Salisu sends a long ball upfield.
47	Southampton is in control of the ball.
47	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The referee signals a free kick as Che Adams from Southampton trips Fernando Marcal
46	The second half is underway.
47	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Southampton: 50%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 50%.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton trips Raul Jimenez
46	Leander Dendoncker relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Oriol Romeu puts in a cross...
46	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Max Kilman relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Kyle Walker-Peters puts in a cross...
45	A shot by Mohamed Elyounoussi is blocked.
45	Adam Armstrong from Southampton makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
45	Could be a good chance here as Oriol Romeu from Southampton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
45	Ball possession: Southampton: 49%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 51%.
44	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Mohamed Elyounoussi relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
43	Jan Bednarek clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
42	Southampton is in control of the ball.
42	The referee signals a free kick as Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Valentino Livramento
41	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Good effort by Adam Armstrong as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
41	Che Adams from Southampton directs a ball squarely in the box.
41	Poor play by Jose Sa as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
40	Nathan Redmond from Southampton is ruled offside.
40	Mohamed Elyounoussi puts in a cross...
40	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Mohamed Elyounoussi puts in a cross...
40	Ball possession: Southampton: 50%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 50%.
39	Dangerous challenge by Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers. James Ward-Prowse on the receiving end of that.
39	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
38	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
38	Oriol Romeu from Southampton tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
38	Leander Dendoncker relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
37	The referee signals a free kick as Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Valentino Livramento
37	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Mohamed Elyounoussi puts in a cross...
36	A shot by Kyle Walker-Peters is blocked.
36	Nathan Redmond of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
35	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
35	Could be a good chance here as Mohammed Salisu from Southampton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
35	Ball possession: Southampton: 46%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 54%.
34	Nelson Semedo relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Oriol Romeu puts in a cross...
34	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
33	A chance opens up as Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfully finds a team mate in the area...
33	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
33	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
32	Southampton is in control of the ball.
32	Southampton is in control of the ball.
31	The referee signals a free kick as Che Adams from Southampton trips Nelson Semedo
30	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Oriol Romeu
30	Ball possession: Southampton: 47%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 53%.
29	Good effort by Che Adams as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
29	Adam Armstrong of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
29	Southampton start a counter attack.
29	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
28	Mohamed Elyounoussi puts in a cross...
28	Danger averted there as Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton clears the danger with a good tackle
28	Great skill from Raul Jimenez as he dribbles past his opponents
28	Oriol Romeu could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
28	The game is restarted.
27	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
27	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers is ruled offside.
27	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
26	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
25	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Southampton: 51%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 49%.
24	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
23	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
23	Kyle Walker-Peters could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
23	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
23	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
22	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
22	Nathan Redmond from Southampton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
22	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
22	Nathan Redmond of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
21	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Southampton is in control of the ball.
20	Ball possession: Southampton: 52%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 48%.
20	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
20	Daniel Podence puts in a cross...
19	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
18	Che Adams from Southampton is ruled offside.
18	Mohamed Elyounoussi puts in a cross...
17	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Danger averted there as Oriol Romeu from Southampton clears the danger with a good tackle
17	A chance opens up as Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfully finds a team mate in the area...
17	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
16	Southampton is in control of the ball.
15	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
15	That's a great ball by Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
15	Ball possession: Southampton: 52%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 48%.
15	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
14	The referee signals a free kick as Oriol Romeu from Southampton trips Daniel Podence
14	Danger averted there as Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers clears the danger with a good tackle
14	Great skill from Adam Armstrong as he dribbles past his opponents
13	Kyle Walker-Peters from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
13	Danger averted there as Mohammed Salisu from Southampton clears the danger with a good tackle
13	Danger! Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
12	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
12	Southampton is in control of the ball.
11	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Adam Armstrong from Southampton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
10	Ball possession: Southampton: 51%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 49%.
10	Southampton is in control of the ball.
9	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Mohammed Salisu from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Raul Jimenez
8	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
8	Adam Armstrong goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
7	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	The game is restarted.
7	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
7	Dangerous challenge by Mohammed Salisu from Southampton. Jose Sa on the receiving end of that.
6	Jan Bednarek from Southampton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
6	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
6	Nelson Semedo from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Kyle Walker-Peters
5	A shot by Mohamed Elyounoussi is blocked.
5	Max Kilman could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
5	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ball possession: Southampton: 28%, Wolverhampton Wanderers: 72%.
5	Mohamed Elyounoussi comes back onto the field.
5	Fernando Marcal comes back onto the field.
4	The match resumes with a drop ball.
4	It doesn't look good here as Mohamed Elyounoussi is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
4	It doesn't look good here as Fernando Marcal is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
3	Mohamed Elyounoussi is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
3	Fernando Marcal is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
3	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
3	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Max Kilman from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
2	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
1	Should have been a goal! Nelson Semedo gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Alex McCarthy!
1	Raul Jimenez of Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball to a team mate.
1	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
1	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Wolverhampton Wanderers kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to St. Mary's Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 16876.
96	Ball possession: Brentford: 32%, Liverpool: 68%.
95	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
95	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
95	Vitaly Janelt relieves the pressure with a clearance
95	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
94	Shandon Baptiste relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
94	Pontus Jansson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
94	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
94	Ivan Toney relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
93	Rico Henry clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
93	David Raya relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	Sadio Mane from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
93	Liverpool is having a good opportunity to score.
93	Great defending by Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool to prevent his team conceding a goal.
93	Brentford start a counter attack.
92	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
92	Brentford is having a good opportunity to score.
92	Goal kick for Brentford.
91	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
91	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
90	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
90	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
90	Ball possession: Brentford: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
90	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
89	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
88	Ivan Toney from Brentford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Fabinho
88	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
87	Ivan Toney from Brentford is ruled offside.
87	Mathias Joergensen from Brentford heads the ball to a team mate.
87	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
87	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
86	Virgil van Dijk clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
86	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
86	Brentford is having a good opportunity to score.
85	Fabinho is penalised for pushing Shandon Baptiste.
85	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Ball possession: Brentford: 34%, Liverpool: 66%.
84	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
82	GOOOOOAAL! - An excellent lob by Yoane Wissa from Brentford using the left foot. Great goal!
82	A shot by Yoane Wissa is blocked.
82	Shandon Baptiste puts in a cross...
82	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Yoane Wissa puts in a cross...
82	Brentford is trying to create something here.
81	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
81	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
81	Sadio Mane from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
80	Shandon Baptiste relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
80	Pontus Jansson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
80	Roberto Firmino from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
80	Ball possession: Brentford: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
79	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
79	Goal kick for Brentford.
79	Roberto Firmino from Liverpool had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
79	Diogo Jota puts in a cross...
78	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
78	Sergi Canos from Brentford sends a deflected cross into the box.
78	Brentford with an attacking substitution here.
78	Christian Noergaard is leaving the field to be replaced by Yoane Wissa in a tactical substitution.
77	Sadio Mane from Liverpool is ruled offside.
77	Mohamed Salah puts in a cross...
77	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
77	Goal kick for Brentford.
77	How did he miss that? Mohamed Salah has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
77	CHANCE! Mohamed Salah finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
77	Could be a good chance here as Sadio Mane from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
76	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but David Raya runs out to collect the ball
76	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
75	Ball possession: Brentford: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
74	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool is ruled offside.
74	Jordan Henderson relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Ivan Toney from Brentford heads the ball to a team mate.
73	Roberto Firmino from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
73	Liverpool is having a good opportunity to score.
73	The referee signals a free kick as Shandon Baptiste from Brentford trips Sadio Mane
72	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool is ruled offside.
72	Could be a good chance here as Sadio Mane from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
71	Alisson Becker relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Vitaly Janelt swings in a cross from the free kick.
70	After a tactical foul, Andrew Robertson sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
70	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Shandon Baptiste
70	The referee signals a free kick as Sadio Mane from Liverpool trips Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer
70	Ball possession: Brentford: 31%, Liverpool: 69%.
69	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
69	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
69	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Frank Onyeka is leaving the field to be replaced by Shandon Baptiste in a tactical substitution.
68	Curtis Jones is leaving the field to be replaced by Roberto Firmino in a tactical substitution.
67	Andrew Robertson provided the assist for the goal.
67	GOOOOOAAL! - Curtis Jones from Liverpool beats the keeper from outside the box with the right foot!
67	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
66	Goal kick for Brentford.
66	Curtis Jones goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
66	Sadio Mane of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
66	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
65	Sergi Canos relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool sends a deflected cross into the box.
65	Liverpool is having a good opportunity to score.
65	Ball possession: Brentford: 32%, Liverpool: 68%.
63	GOOOOOAAL! - Vitaly Janelt from Brentford heads home the loose ball
63	CROSSBAR! A shot from Pontus Jansson stings the crossbar!
63	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
63	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
63	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Andrew Robertson relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
62	Brentford is trying to create something here.
62	Goal kick for Brentford.
62	Andrew Robertson fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
62	A shot by Trent Alexander-Arnold is blocked.
62	Some neat football here as Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool plays a 1-2 with Mohamed Salah.
61	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
60	Obstruction as Mathias Joergensen cuts off the run of Curtis Jones. A free-kick is awarded.
60	Ball possession: Brentford: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
59	Goal kick for Liverpool.
59	Ivan Toney from Brentford tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
59	Some neat football here as Ivan Toney from Brentford plays a 1-2 with Vitaly Janelt.
58	Ivan Toney is penalised for pushing Joel Matip.
58	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
57	Curtis Jones from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Frank Onyeka
57	Ivan Toney from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	Brentford is trying to create something here.
56	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
55	Ball possession: Brentford: 34%, Liverpool: 66%.
55	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Liverpool stands.
54	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
54	Fabinho provided the assist for the goal.
54	GOOOOOAAL! - Mohamed Salah volleys the ball into the back of the net with the left. A great finish!
54	Fabinho from Liverpool puts in a great cross...
53	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
52	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
52	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford is ruled offside.
52	Goal kick for Brentford.
51	Andrew Robertson swings in the ball from a corner on the right, but it is nowhere near a teammate and it goes out of the field.
50	Vitaly Janelt clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
50	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
50	Ivan Toney clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
50	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
50	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
50	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool takes a short corner kick from the left.
50	Ball possession: Brentford: 34%, Liverpool: 66%.
49	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
49	Diogo Jota from Liverpool had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
49	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
49	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
48	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Frank Onyeka relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
48	Liverpool start a counter attack.
48	Fabinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford swings in the corner from the right.
47	Virgil van Dijk clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
47	Brentford is having a good opportunity to score.
47	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
47	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Brentford: 31%, Liverpool: 69%.
48	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Great vision by Rico Henry from Brentford as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
48	Liverpool start a counter attack.
48	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
47	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Sadio Mane is penalised for pushing Pontus Jansson.
46	Goal kick for Brentford.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Trent Alexander-Arnold goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
45	Ball possession: Brentford: 34%, Liverpool: 66%.
44	After a tactical foul, Frank Onyeka sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
44	Frank Onyeka from Brentford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Andrew Robertson
44	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
43	The game is restarted.
43	Ethan Pinnock is injured and is replaced by Mathias Joergensen.
41	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
41	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
41	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
41	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
40	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
40	Ball possession: Brentford: 34%, Liverpool: 66%.
40	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool takes a short corner kick from the right.
39	Should have been a goal! Diogo Jota gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by David Raya!
39	Close! Curtis Jones with a great hit from long range that bounces off the post!
39	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
39	Ivan Toney from Brentford is ruled offside.
39	Ethan Pinnock puts in a cross...
39	Andrew Robertson relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
38	Sadio Mane relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Ivan Toney from Brentford had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
38	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
38	Brentford is trying to create something here.
37	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
37	A chance presents itself to Frank Onyeka from Brentford but his header goes wide
37	Vitaly Janelt puts in a cross...
37	Goal kick for Brentford.
37	The game is restarted.
35	Ethan Pinnock is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
35	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
35	Ball possession: Brentford: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
35	Fabinho from Liverpool crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
34	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
34	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Jordan Henderson of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
34	A shot by Trent Alexander-Arnold is blocked.
34	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
33	Frank Onyeka from Brentford crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
33	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Alisson Becker relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford chips the ball into the penalty box.
32	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Jordan Henderson provided the assist for the goal.
31	GOOOOOAAL! - Diogo Jota from Liverpool heads the ball home!
31	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
30	The game is restarted.
30	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
30	Ball possession: Brentford: 31%, Liverpool: 69%.
29	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool is ruled offside.
29	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
29	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
29	Ethan Pinnock clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
29	Andrew Robertson swings in a cross from the free kick.
28	Christian Noergaard is penalised for pushing Diogo Jota.
27	Ivan Toney provided the assist for the goal.
27	GOOOOOAAL! - Ethan Pinnock from Brentford taps the ball in with the left! An easy finish for Ethan Pinnock
27	Ivan Toney from Brentford find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
27	Sergi Canos from Brentford directs a ball squarely in the box.
27	Brentford is having a good opportunity to score.
26	The referee signals a free kick as Fabinho from Liverpool trips Ivan Toney
26	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford is ruled offside.
25	Could be a good chance here as Ivan Toney from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
25	Ball possession: Brentford: 30%, Liverpool: 70%.
24	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
24	Curtis Jones puts in a cross...
24	A chance presents itself to Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool but his header goes wide
24	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
24	Ethan Pinnock clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
24	Fabinho from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
23	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Trent Alexander-Arnold puts in a cross...
23	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	The referee signals a free kick as Curtis Jones from Liverpool trips Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer
20	Ball possession: Brentford: 24%, Liverpool: 76%.
19	The referee signals a free kick as Vitaly Janelt from Brentford trips Diogo Jota
18	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
18	Could be a good chance here as Ivan Toney from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
18	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Goal kick for Brentford.
17	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
16	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
16	Mohamed Salah puts in a cross...
15	Ball possession: Brentford: 32%, Liverpool: 68%.
14	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
12	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	What a game. It's an intense and good playing game from both sides.
11	Sadio Mane from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
11	Liverpool start a counter attack.
11	A shot by Ivan Toney is blocked.
11	Great defending by Joel Matip from Liverpool to prevent his team conceding a goal.
11	What a chance! Bryan Mbeumo looks odds on to score, but his effort is cleared off the line!
11	Ivan Toney from Brentford heads the ball to a team mate.
11	Brentford is trying to create something here.
10	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Brentford: 26%, Liverpool: 74%.
10	Goal kick for Liverpool.
9	Frank Onyeka from Brentford sends an effort wide of target
9	Bryan Mbeumo of Brentford passes the ball to a team mate.
9	Brentford is trying to create something here.
9	Goal kick for Liverpool.
9	A chance presents itself to Ivan Toney from Brentford but his header goes wide
9	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
8	Goal kick for Brentford.
7	Great defending by Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer from Brentford to prevent his team conceding a goal.
7	Sadio Mane from Liverpool sends an effort wide of target
7	What a chance! Mohamed Salah looks odds on to score, but his effort is cleared off the line!
7	CHANCE! Mohamed Salah finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
7	Diogo Jota carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
7	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer comes back onto the field.
6	The game is restarted.
6	It doesn't look good here as Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
5	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
5	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
5	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
5	Ball possession: Brentford: 33%, Liverpool: 67%.
4	The referee signals a free kick as Sergi Canos from Brentford trips Andrew Robertson
4	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
3	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
3	That looked a fine chance. Andrew Robertson from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
3	Could be a good chance here as Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
3	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
2	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	It's a nice warm day for playing football.
1	Liverpool kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Brentford Community Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
96	Everton with a deserved victory after a fine display
96	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Ball possession: Everton: 46%, Norwich: 54%.
95	Goal kick for Everton.
94	Tom Davies from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
94	Everton is trying to create something here.
93	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	Yellow card for Anthony Gordon.
92	Anthony Gordon from Everton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Dimitrios Giannoulis
91	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Christos Tzolis from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ben Godfrey
90	Ball possession: Everton: 46%, Norwich: 54%.
90	Dangerous challenge by Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton. Max Aarons on the receiving end of that.
89	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
89	Alex Iwobi is leaving the field to be replaced by Lewis Dobbin in a tactical substitution.
88	Goal kick for Everton.
87	Max Aarons fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
87	Norwich is having a good opportunity to score.
86	Brandon Williams is leaving the field to be replaced by Dimitrios Giannoulis in a tactical substitution.
86	Dangerous challenge by Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton. Ben Gibson on the receiving end of that.
86	Everton is in control of the ball.
85	A shot from Ben Godfrey is parried by the keeper and goes back into play.
85	Michael Keane from Everton successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
85	Lucas Digne from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
85	Ball possession: Everton: 47%, Norwich: 53%.
85	Tom Davies sees his shot deflected off target
85	Poor play by Joshua Sargent as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
85	Lucas Digne swings in a cross from the free kick.
84	Yellow card for Brandon Williams.
84	Brandon Williams from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Anthony Gordon
84	Anthony Gordon from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
84	A shot by Pierre Lees-Melou is blocked.
84	A chance opens up as Christos Tzolis from Norwich successfully finds a team mate in the area...
84	Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich chips the ball into the penalty box.
83	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Demarai Gray is leaving the field to be replaced by Tom Davies in a tactical substitution.
82	Norwich is having a good opportunity to score.
82	Dangerous challenge by Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton. Kenny McLean on the receiving end of that.
82	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
81	Everton is trying to create something here.
81	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
81	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Yellow card for Pierre Lees-Melou.
80	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich trips Abdoulaye Doucoure
80	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
80	Ball possession: Everton: 47%, Norwich: 53%.
80	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
80	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
79	Norwich is trying to create something here.
78	A wonderful team goal!
77	Demarai Gray provided the assist for the goal.
77	GOOOOOAAL! - Abdoulaye Doucoure scores with the right foot!
77	Danger! Demarai Gray from Everton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
77	Everton is having a good opportunity to score.
77	Kenny McLean could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
77	Ben Gibson from Norwich is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
77	Goal kick for Everton.
76	Andros Townsend is leaving the field to be replaced by Anthony Gordon in a tactical substitution.
76	Kenny McLean swings in a cross from the free kick.
75	The game is restarted.
75	Ball possession: Everton: 49%, Norwich: 51%.
74	Jordan Pickford is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
74	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
74	Lucas Digne hand-balls.
74	Milot Rashica from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
74	Christos Tzolis from Norwich makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
73	Norwich is trying to create something here.
73	Demarai Gray from Everton is ruled offside.
73	Great vision by Andros Townsend from Everton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
73	Brandon Williams from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
73	Tim Krul relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Demarai Gray from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
72	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
72	Alex Iwobi from Everton chips the ball into the penalty box.
72	Everton is having a good opportunity to score.
72	Danger averted there as Allan from Everton clears the danger with a good tackle
72	Max Aarons from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
72	A shot by Teemu Pukki is blocked.
71	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
71	Kenny McLean from Norwich heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
71	Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
71	Christos Tzolis from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
71	Joshua Sargent from Norwich successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
70	Ben Gibson puts in a cross...
70	Ball possession: Everton: 50%, Norwich: 50%.
70	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Mathias Normann is injured and is replaced by Christos Tzolis.
69	Ozan Kabak is leaving the field to be replaced by Milot Rashica in a tactical substitution.
69	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Max Aarons heads the ball back across goal...
69	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Yerry Mina relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Teemu Pukki from Norwich chips the ball into the penalty box.
68	Mathias Normann comes back onto the field.
68	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	The game is restarted.
67	It doesn't look good here as Mathias Normann is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
67	The match is being played at a slow tempo with neither side having the upper hand
66	Mathias Normann is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
66	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
66	Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Yerry Mina relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Mathias Normann puts in a cross...
65	Ball possession: Everton: 51%, Norwich: 49%.
65	Norwich is in control of the ball.
64	Yerry Mina relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Mathias Normann puts in a cross...
64	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Mathias Normann from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
63	Great vision by Yerry Mina from Everton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
63	Brandon Williams from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
63	Norwich is trying to create something here.
63	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Lucas Digne from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
63	Everton is trying to create something here.
62	Norwich is trying to create something here.
62	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
62	Poor play by Joshua Sargent as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
61	Lucas Digne swings in a cross from the free kick.
61	Ozan Kabak is penalised for pushing Demarai Gray.
61	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Lucas Digne from Everton chips the ball into the penalty box.
61	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
60	Everton is having a good opportunity to score.
60	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Everton plays a short goal kick.
60	Mathias Normann goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
60	Ball possession: Everton: 51%, Norwich: 49%.
59	Jose Salomon Rondon is penalised for pushing Mathias Normann.
59	Lucas Digne relieves the pressure with a clearance
59	Brandon Williams puts in a cross...
58	Norwich is trying to create something here.
58	Everton is in control of the ball.
57	Everton is trying to create something here.
57	Goal kick for Everton.
57	Ben Gibson from Norwich heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
57	Kenny McLean swings in a cross from the free kick.
56	Yellow card for Lucas Digne.
56	Reckless challenge there. Lucas Digne commits a rough foul on Max Aarons
56	Norwich is having a good opportunity to score.
55	Norwich is in control of the ball.
55	Ball possession: Everton: 51%, Norwich: 49%.
55	Demarai Gray from Everton makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
55	Alex Iwobi from Everton chips the ball into the penalty box.
55	Everton is having a good opportunity to score.
54	Yellow card for Ozan Kabak.
54	The ref blows his whistle. Ozan Kabak charged Jose Salomon Rondon from behind and it's a free-kick
54	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
53	Andros Townsend from Everton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
53	A player from Everton takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
53	A shot by Demarai Gray is blocked.
53	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
53	Goal kick for Everton.
52	Mathias Normann from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
52	It's a good hit from long range by Mathias Normann who forces a save from Jordan Pickford. Corner kick.
52	Danger! Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
51	Norwich is in control of the ball.
51	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
51	Poor play by Pierre Lees-Melou as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
51	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
51	Ozan Kabak clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
50	Ben Godfrey puts in a cross...
50	Everton is trying to create something here.
50	Ball possession: Everton: 53%, Norwich: 47%.
50	Goal kick for Norwich.
49	Andros Townsend fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
49	Everton is trying to create something here.
49	A shot by Abdoulaye Doucoure is blocked.
49	A chance opens up as Alex Iwobi from Everton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
49	Andros Townsend from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
49	Norwich is trying to create something here.
48	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
48	Alex Iwobi fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
48	Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
48	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Danger averted there as Yerry Mina from Everton clears the danger with a good tackle
47	Norwich is in control of the ball.
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Lucas Digne from Everton is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
46	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
46	The second half is underway.
48	The only goal scored by Everton gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Everton: 54%, Norwich: 46%.
47	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
47	Everton is in control of the ball.
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Joshua Sargent from Norwich tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
45	Mathias Normann from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
45	Ball possession: Everton: 54%, Norwich: 46%.
45	It's a good hit from long range by Mathias Normann who forces a save from Jordan Pickford. Corner kick.
45	Brandon Williams from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
45	Pierre Lees-Melou of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
44	A chance opens up as Joshua Sargent from Norwich successfully finds a team mate in the area...
44	Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich chips the ball into the penalty box.
44	Norwich is trying to create something here.
43	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	Everton is trying to create something here.
43	Goal kick for Everton.
43	Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
42	Norwich is having a good opportunity to score.
42	Everton plays a short goal kick.
42	Danger averted there as Michael Keane from Everton clears the danger with a good tackle
42	Max Aarons from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
41	Goal kick for Everton.
41	Kenny McLean fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
40	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
40	Ozan Kabak from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
40	Ball possession: Everton: 57%, Norwich: 43%.
40	Everton is trying to create something here.
39	Norwich is trying to create something here.
39	Norwich is in control of the ball.
38	Dangerous challenge by Lucas Digne from Everton. Joshua Sargent on the receiving end of that.
38	Great vision by Ozan Kabak from Norwich as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
38	A chance opens up as Lucas Digne from Everton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
37	Abdoulaye Doucoure puts in a cross...
37	A chance opens up as Demarai Gray from Everton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
37	Ben Godfrey from Everton chips the ball into the penalty box.
36	Everton is trying to create something here.
36	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Norwich is trying to create something here.
35	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Ball possession: Everton: 59%, Norwich: 41%.
35	Danger averted there as Grant Hanley from Norwich clears the danger with a good tackle
34	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	The referee signals a free kick as Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton trips Grant Hanley
33	Dangerous challenge by Mathias Normann from Norwich. Andros Townsend on the receiving end of that.
33	Great vision by Allan from Everton as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
33	Teemu Pukki from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
33	Joshua Sargent relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Demarai Gray puts in a cross...
32	Poor play by Max Aarons as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
32	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
32	Demarai Gray sees his shot deflected off target
32	Danger! Alex Iwobi from Everton successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
32	Everton is having a good opportunity to score.
31	Goal kick for Everton.
30	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
30	Norwich is in control of the ball.
30	Ball possession: Everton: 56%, Norwich: 44%.
29	Everton managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
29	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Andros Townsend from Everton puts it away from the penalty spot with the left foot! Tim Krul chose the wrong side.
28	PENALTY - Ozan Kabak from Norwich concedes a penalty for tripping Allan.
28	After VAR check, the referee changed the call and decided to award a penalty for Everton!
26	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
26	Poor play by Brandon Williams as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
25	Everton is trying to create something here.
25	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
25	Ball possession: Everton: 58%, Norwich: 42%.
25	Teemu Pukki from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
25	Max Aarons from Norwich chips the ball into the penalty box.
24	Ozan Kabak from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
24	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Michael Keane from Everton is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
23	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich trips Abdoulaye Doucoure
22	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	A shot from Ben Godfrey takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
22	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Demarai Gray from Everton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
21	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Lucas Digne from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
20	Everton is trying to create something here.
20	Ball possession: Everton: 55%, Norwich: 45%.
19	Everton is in control of the ball.
19	Good effort by Andros Townsend as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
19	A chance opens up as Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton successfully finds a team mate in the area...
19	Alex Iwobi from Everton puts in a great cross...
19	Everton is having a good opportunity to score.
19	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
18	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
18	Alex Iwobi puts in a cross...
17	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Goal kick for Everton.
16	Norwich is in control of the ball.
16	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich trips Andros Townsend
15	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
15	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Everton: 57%, Norwich: 43%.
14	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
14	Danger averted there as Grant Hanley from Norwich clears the danger with a good tackle
14	Ben Gibson could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
13	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Everton is in control of the ball.
12	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Norwich is trying to create something here.
10	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
10	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
10	Ball possession: Everton: 66%, Norwich: 34%.
10	Everton is trying to create something here.
9	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	Ben Gibson relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
9	Brandon Williams clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
9	Michael Keane sends a long ball upfield.
8	Grant Hanley from Norwich is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
8	Brandon Williams from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
7	Norwich is in control of the ball.
7	The referee signals a free kick as Allan from Everton trips Joshua Sargent
6	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Max Aarons relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Andros Townsend from Everton swings in the corner from the left.
6	Grant Hanley clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
6	Lucas Digne puts in a cross...
6	Ozan Kabak relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
5	Everton is trying to create something here.
5	Ball possession: Everton: 62%, Norwich: 38%.
4	Dangerous challenge by Jose Salomon Rondon from Everton. Grant Hanley on the receiving end of that.
4	Lucas Digne from Everton sends a deflected cross into the box.
4	Everton is trying to create something here.
4	Norwich is in control of the ball.
3	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
3	Allan puts in a cross...
3	Everton is having a good opportunity to score.
2	Everton is trying to create something here.
1	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The referee signals a free kick as Andros Townsend from Everton trips Brandon Williams
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Norwich kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Goodison Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
98	Michail Antonio from West Ham is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
98	After a great second half, West Ham materializes a comeback and walks out of the game with the win!
98	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
98	Ball possession: Leeds: 54%, West Ham: 46%.
98	Today's attendance is 36417.
97	Goal kick for West Ham.
97	Charlie Cresswell from Leeds is ruled offside.
97	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
97	Michail Antonio is leaving the field to be replaced by Andriy Yarmolenko in a tactical substitution.
96	Goal kick for West Ham.
95	Kalvin Phillips fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
95	Kurt Zouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
95	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
95	Leeds is trying to create something here.
95	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
94	Craig Dawson relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Mateusz Klich puts in a cross...
94	Leeds is trying to create something here.
93	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Leeds is trying to create something here.
93	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	Jarrod Bowen is leaving the field to be replaced by Craig Dawson in a tactical substitution.
91	Jamie Shackleton is leaving the field to be replaced by Crysencio Summerville in a tactical substitution.
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Ball possession: Leeds: 52%, West Ham: 48%.
90	West Ham managed to score the decisive goal in the dying minutes of the game!
90	Declan Rice provided the assist for the goal.
90	GOOOOOAAL! - Michail Antonio scores with the right foot!
90	Great skill from Michail Antonio as he dribbles past his opponents
90	Danger! Declan Rice from West Ham successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
90	West Ham is having a good opportunity to score.
90	Kurt Zouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Mateusz Klich from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
89	Leeds is trying to create something here.
88	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Leeds is in control of the ball.
88	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
88	Said Benrahma from West Ham makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
87	West Ham is trying to create something here.
87	That's a great ball by Jack Harrison from Leeds. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
86	Leeds is in control of the ball.
85	Said Benrahma hand-balls.
85	Mateusz Klich from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
85	Leeds is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Leeds: 52%, West Ham: 48%.
84	West Ham is trying to create something here.
84	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
83	Should have been a goal! Michail Antonio gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Illan Meslier!
83	A chance opens up as Said Benrahma from West Ham successfully finds a team mate in the area...
83	West Ham is trying to create something here.
83	Good effort by Rodrigo as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
83	Danger! Tyler Roberts from Leeds successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
83	Leeds is trying to create something here.
83	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
82	Jarrod Bowen puts in a cross...
82	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Rodrigo relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Aaron Cresswell swings in a cross from the free kick.
81	Yellow card for Tyler Roberts.
81	The referee signals a free kick as Tyler Roberts from Leeds trips Aaron Cresswell
81	West Ham is trying to create something here.
80	Leeds is in control of the ball.
80	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
80	Nikola Vlasic puts in a cross...
80	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Ball possession: Leeds: 52%, West Ham: 48%.
79	Leeds is in control of the ball.
79	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
78	Dangerous challenge by Tomas Soucek from West Ham. Kalvin Phillips on the receiving end of that.
78	Michail Antonio from West Ham makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
78	A player from West Ham takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
78	Pablo Fornals is leaving the field to be replaced by Nikola Vlasic in a tactical substitution.
77	A shot by Michail Antonio is blocked.
77	Danger! Said Benrahma from West Ham successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
77	West Ham is trying to create something here.
77	Kurt Zouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
77	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	Leeds is in control of the ball.
76	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
76	Said Benrahma goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
75	Ball possession: Leeds: 51%, West Ham: 49%.
75	Kalvin Phillips is penalised for pushing Pablo Fornals.
74	West Ham is trying to create something here.
74	Leeds is in control of the ball.
74	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
74	Said Benrahma puts in a cross...
73	West Ham is trying to create something here.
73	Jamie Shackleton from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
73	Jamie Shackleton from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
73	Leeds is in control of the ball.
72	West Ham is in control of the ball.
71	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Ball possession: Leeds: 50%, West Ham: 50%.
70	The referee is not having the complaints from Illan Meslier who is given a yellow card for dissent
70	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
70	How did he miss that? Michail Antonio has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
70	Illan Meslier comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
70	A direct free kick from Aaron Cresswell is blocked by the keeper and goes back into play.
70	The referee signals a free kick as Junior Firpo from Leeds trips Michail Antonio
70	West Ham is trying to create something here.
69	Raphinha is injured and is replaced by Tyler Roberts.
68	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	OGOWN GOAL - Junior Firpo sends the ball into his own net!
67	A shot by Jarrod Bowen is blocked.
67	Danger! Vladimir Coufal from West Ham successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
67	West Ham is trying to create something here.
66	Charlie Cresswell relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Pablo Fornals puts in a cross...
66	West Ham is trying to create something here.
66	Leeds is in control of the ball.
65	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Ball possession: Leeds: 50%, West Ham: 50%.
65	Good effort by Rodrigo as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
65	A shot by Kalvin Phillips is blocked.
65	Poor play by Vladimir Coufal as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
65	Jack Harrison from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
64	Mateusz Klich sees his shot deflected off target
64	A chance opens up as Raphinha from Leeds successfully finds a team mate in the area...
64	Raphinha from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
64	Leeds is trying to create something here.
63	West Ham is in control of the ball.
62	Leeds is in control of the ball.
62	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
62	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
62	Illan Meslier from Leeds makes a great save.
62	Tomas Soucek directs a header goal-bound but it's saved to a corner-kick by Illan Meslier!
62	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
61	Jamie Shackleton clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
61	West Ham is in control of the ball.
60	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	A shot by Said Benrahma is blocked.
60	Great skill from Said Benrahma as he dribbles past his opponents
60	West Ham is trying to create something here.
60	Ball possession: Leeds: 51%, West Ham: 49%.
60	Leeds is trying to create something here.
59	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
59	Michail Antonio sends a header towards goal, but Illan Meslier is there to comfortably save it
59	Poor play by Rodrigo as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
59	Vladimir Coufal swings in a cross from the free kick.
58	Liam Cooper is penalised for pushing Michail Antonio.
58	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	The ref blows his whistle. Jack Harrison charged Vladimir Coufal from behind and it's a free-kick
57	Leeds is trying to create something here.
57	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	The referee signals a free kick as Jarrod Bowen from West Ham trips Junior Firpo
56	The game is restarted.
56	Ball possession: Leeds: 50%, West Ham: 50%.
55	Illan Meslier is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
55	Yellow card for Michail Antonio.
54	Michail Antonio from West Ham commits a foul by elbowing Illan Meslier
54	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for West Ham is revoked due to a previously committed foul.
54	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
54	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
53	GOOOOOAAL!! West Ham score! Tomas Soucek is on the scoresheet.
53	Poor play by Illan Meslier as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
53	Aaron Cresswell swings in a cross from the free kick.
51	Charlie Cresswell from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Michail Antonio
51	West Ham is in control of the ball.
51	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
51	A shot by Jack Harrison is blocked.
51	Raphinha from Leeds chips the ball into the penalty box.
50	Leeds is trying to create something here.
50	A shot by Aaron Cresswell is blocked.
50	Poor play by Charlie Cresswell as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
50	Vladimir Coufal puts in a cross...
50	West Ham is trying to create something here.
50	Ball possession: Leeds: 51%, West Ham: 49%.
49	Leeds is in control of the ball.
49	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	Vladimir Coufal relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Rodrigo from Leeds passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
49	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
49	Charlie Cresswell from Leeds heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
48	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
48	Vladimir Coufal clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
48	Stuart Dallas swings in a cross from the free kick.
47	Michail Antonio is penalised for pushing Raphinha.
47	Jack Harrison is penalised for pushing Vladimir Coufal.
46	West Ham is trying to create something here.
46	Leeds is in control of the ball.
46	Daniel James is leaving the field to be replaced by Jack Harrison in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
50	It was a glorious performance by Leeds, and their fans have something to cheer about during the HalfTime.
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: Leeds: 50%, West Ham: 50%.
50	Goal kick for Leeds.
50	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
50	Pablo Fornals comes back onto the field.
49	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	The game is restarted.
49	It doesn't look good here as Pablo Fornals is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
48	Pablo Fornals is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
48	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
48	Illan Meslier saved a certain goal there! Pablo Fornals found himself in a great scoring position but Illan Meslier denied him with a great save
48	CHANCE! Pablo Fornals finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
48	Michail Antonio carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
48	West Ham is having a good opportunity to score.
47	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	West Ham is in control of the ball.
47	Raphinha comes back onto the field.
46	Leeds is in control of the ball.
46	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
46	The game is restarted.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	It doesn't look good here as Raphinha is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
45	Ball possession: Leeds: 53%, West Ham: 47%.
44	Raphinha is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
44	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
44	That's a great ball by Said Benrahma from West Ham. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
43	West Ham is trying to create something here.
43	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
43	Said Benrahma from West Ham passes the ball, but his teammate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
43	A chance opens up as Aaron Cresswell from West Ham successfully finds a team mate in the area...
42	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
42	West Ham is trying to create something here.
42	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Leeds is trying to create something here.
40	Ball possession: Leeds: 51%, West Ham: 49%.
40	The referee signals a free kick as Aaron Cresswell from West Ham trips Raphinha
39	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
39	West Ham is in control of the ball.
39	Leeds is in control of the ball.
38	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Vladimir Coufal relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	A shot by Mateusz Klich is blocked.
37	A chance opens up as Raphinha from Leeds successfully finds a team mate in the area...
37	Great skill from Raphinha as he dribbles past his opponents
37	Leeds is trying to create something here.
37	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
36	Michail Antonio from West Ham tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
36	West Ham is trying to create something here.
36	The ref blows his whistle. Junior Firpo charged Jarrod Bowen from behind and it's a free-kick
35	Ball possession: Leeds: 50%, West Ham: 50%.
35	Leeds is in control of the ball.
35	Kurt Zouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	POST! So nearly a goal by Raphinha but his finish hits the post!
35	A shot by Rodrigo is blocked.
34	Leeds is in control of the ball.
34	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
34	Kurt Zouma from West Ham crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
33	West Ham is in control of the ball.
33	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
33	Said Benrahma puts in a cross...
32	West Ham is trying to create something here.
32	Rodrigo from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
32	Goal kick for West Ham.
32	Stuart Dallas from Leeds tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
31	Mateusz Klich of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
31	Leeds is trying to create something here.
31	Rodrigo from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
31	Leeds is trying to create something here.
30	Ball possession: Leeds: 48%, West Ham: 52%.
29	Leeds is in control of the ball.
29	West Ham plays a short goal kick.
29	Raphinha from Leeds takes a short corner kick from the right.
29	Stuart Dallas from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
28	The referee runs back to show Pablo Fornals from West Ham a yellow card for the previous foul.
28	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Daniel James from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
28	Pablo Fornals from West Ham looks to have committed a foul on Raphinha but the referee is not having it and waves play on!
28	Leeds start a counter attack.
28	Illan Meslier relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
27	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
27	Raphinha relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
27	The game is restarted.
26	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
26	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
26	The referee signals a free kick as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds trips Michail Antonio
25	West Ham is in control of the ball.
25	Ball possession: Leeds: 54%, West Ham: 46%.
25	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
24	Jarrod Bowen fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
24	West Ham is trying to create something here.
23	West Ham is in control of the ball.
22	Junior Firpo from Leeds commits a foul by elbowing Said Benrahma
22	Junior Firpo from Leeds sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
22	Leeds is having a good opportunity to score.
22	Leeds is in control of the ball.
22	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
21	Michail Antonio sends a shot inches wide. Close!
21	A player from West Ham takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
21	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Ball possession: Leeds: 52%, West Ham: 48%.
20	Raphinha from Leeds is very pleased with the goal and can't stop celebrating. The referee sees no other way than to book him.
19	Mateusz Klich provided the assist for the goal.
19	GOOOOOAAL! - Raphinha scores with the left foot!
19	A chance opens up as Mateusz Klich from Leeds successfully finds a team mate in the area...
19	Rodrigo of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
19	Rodrigo from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
19	Tomas Soucek could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
19	West Ham is trying to create something here.
18	West Ham is in control of the ball.
18	Raphinha shoots from outside the box, but Lukasz Fabianski has it under control
18	Leeds is trying to create something here.
17	A shot by Declan Rice is blocked.
17	Declan Rice from West Ham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
17	West Ham start a counter attack.
17	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Kurt Zouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Raphinha puts in a cross...
16	Leeds is trying to create something here.
16	Declan Rice relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	Raphinha puts in a cross...
15	Leeds is in control of the ball.
15	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Leeds: 52%, West Ham: 48%.
15	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Kurt Zouma relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
14	The game is restarted.
13	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
13	It's a good hit from long range by Stuart Dallas who forces a save from Lukasz Fabianski. Corner kick.
13	Junior Firpo of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
13	Leeds is trying to create something here.
13	Goal kick for West Ham.
13	Liam Cooper sends a long ball upfield.
12	Leeds is in control of the ball.
12	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	West Ham is in control of the ball.
11	Rodrigo from Leeds is ruled offside.
11	Leeds is in control of the ball.
11	Jarrod Bowen from West Ham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
11	West Ham is trying to create something here.
10	Safe hands from Lukasz Fabianski as he comes out and claims the ball
10	Stuart Dallas from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
10	Leeds is having a good opportunity to score.
10	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
10	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the right.
10	Ball possession: Leeds: 42%, West Ham: 58%.
10	It's a good hit from long range by Said Benrahma who forces a save from Illan Meslier. Corner kick.
10	Michail Antonio of West Ham passes the ball to a team mate.
9	West Ham is having a good opportunity to score.
9	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	Illan Meslier from Leeds fails to clear the ball properly and gives away a throw-in to the opponent team.
8	Leeds is in control of the ball.
8	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	Leeds is in control of the ball.
7	Illan Meslier relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	Aaron Cresswell from West Ham swings in the corner from the left.
7	Should have been a goal! Michail Antonio gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Illan Meslier!
6	A chance opens up as Said Benrahma from West Ham successfully finds a team mate in the area...
6	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Leeds is in control of the ball.
5	West Ham is trying to create something here.
5	Ball possession: Leeds: 53%, West Ham: 47%.
5	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Angelo Ogbonna relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Raphinha puts in a cross...
4	Leeds is in control of the ball.
4	Goal kick for Leeds.
3	Said Benrahma from West Ham tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
3	West Ham is in control of the ball.
3	Kalvin Phillips shoots from outside the box, but Lukasz Fabianski has it under control
3	Leeds is trying to create something here.
2	Leeds is in control of the ball.
2	West Ham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	West Ham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	West Ham is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	West Ham kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Elland Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Plenty of chances in this game but neither team could score the decisive goal
96	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Today's attendance is 31650.
96	Chris Wood from Burnley is ruled offside.
96	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for Burnley is revoked due to offside.
95	Ball possession: Leicester: 67%, Burnley: 33%.
95	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
94	GOOOOOAAL!! Burnley score! Chris Wood is on the scoresheet.
94	Ashley Barnes from Burnley heads the ball to a team mate.
94	James Tarkowski from Burnley heads the ball to a team mate.
94	Josh Brownhill puts in a cross...
94	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Johann Berg Gudmundsson puts in a cross...
94	Jannik Vestergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
94	Wilfred Ndidi is penalised for pushing Ashley Barnes.
93	Goal kick for Burnley.
93	Youri Tielemans from Leicester takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
93	Ashley Barnes is penalised for pushing Youri Tielemans.
92	Goal kick for Burnley.
92	That's a great ball by Youri Tielemans from Leicester. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
92	A player from Burnley sends a shot outside the penalty box, but the Kasper Schmeichel manages to grab the ball.
91	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	After a tactical foul, James Tarkowski sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
90	The ref blows his whistle. James Tarkowski charged James Maddison from behind and it's a free-kick
90	Ball possession: Leicester: 68%, Burnley: 32%.
89	The referee signals a free kick as Ryan Bertrand from Leicester trips Johann Berg Gudmundsson
89	Goal kick for Burnley.
89	Leicester is having a good opportunity to score.
88	Ashley Barnes is penalised for pushing Wilfred Ndidi.
88	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Dwight McNeil is leaving the field to be replaced by Aaron Lennon in a tactical substitution.
87	Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
86	Ashley Barnes sends a header towards goal, but Kasper Schmeichel is there to comfortably save it
86	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
86	Burnley is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Leicester: 66%, Burnley: 34%.
85	Kelechi Iheanacho provided the assist for the goal.
85	GOOOOOAAL! - Jamie Vardy scores with the left foot!
85	Jamie Vardy from Leicester takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
85	Could be a good chance here as Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
85	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
85	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
84	Jamie Vardy from Leicester is ruled offside.
84	Caglar Soyuncu puts in a cross...
84	A shot by Youri Tielemans is blocked.
84	Ben Mee relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	James Maddison puts in a cross...
83	James Maddison from Leicester takes a short corner kick from the left.
83	Youri Tielemans sees his shot deflected off target
83	James Maddison of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
83	Kelechi Iheanacho of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
83	James Maddison from Leicester takes a short corner kick from the right.
83	Jamie Vardy from Leicester directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
82	Could be a good chance here as James Maddison from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
82	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
82	Burnley is trying to create something here.
81	Leicester is in control of the ball.
81	Goal kick for Burnley.
81	That's a great ball by Youri Tielemans from Leicester. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
81	Charlie Taylor relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Harvey Barnes puts in a cross...
80	Ball possession: Leicester: 66%, Burnley: 34%.
80	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Timothy Castagne from Leicester tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
79	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
79	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	James Tarkowski from Burnley tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
78	Matthew Lowton swings in a cross from the free kick.
78	Ademola Lookman is leaving the field to be replaced by James Maddison in a tactical substitution.
77	Harvey Barnes commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
77	The referee signals a free kick as Harvey Barnes from Leicester trips Ashley Westwood
77	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
76	Goal kick for Burnley.
76	Leicester is trying to create something here.
75	Goal kick for Burnley.
75	Matej Vydra is injured and is replaced by Ashley Barnes.
75	Ball possession: Leicester: 65%, Burnley: 35%.
75	Matej Vydra is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
74	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
74	Jamie Vardy from Leicester had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
74	Kelechi Iheanacho puts in a cross...
73	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Youri Tielemans swings in a cross from the free kick.
73	Obstruction as Dwight McNeil cuts off the run of Ademola Lookman. A free-kick is awarded.
72	Youri Tielemans from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
72	Goal kick for Burnley.
71	Ryan Bertrand swings in the ball from a corner on the right, but it is nowhere near a teammate and it goes out of the field.
71	Timothy Castagne from Leicester sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
71	Dwight McNeil relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Wilfred Ndidi puts in a cross...
70	A shot by Kelechi Iheanacho is blocked.
70	Ball possession: Leicester: 65%, Burnley: 35%.
70	A chance opens up as Youri Tielemans from Leicester successfully finds a team mate in the area...
70	Harvey Barnes of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
69	Danger! Ademola Lookman from Leicester successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
68	After a tactical foul, Johann Berg Gudmundsson sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
68	The referee signals a free kick as Johann Berg Gudmundsson from Burnley trips Wilfred Ndidi
68	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
68	A shot by Kelechi Iheanacho is blocked.
68	Ademola Lookman from Leicester directs a ball squarely in the box.
68	Some neat football here as Ademola Lookman from Leicester plays a 1-2 with Timothy Castagne.
67	The ref blows his whistle. Matej Vydra charged Youri Tielemans from behind and it's a free-kick
67	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Ball possession: Leicester: 66%, Burnley: 34%.
65	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
65	Ryan Bertrand from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
65	Nick Pope clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
64	Ademola Lookman from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
64	Harvey Barnes from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
64	Harvey Barnes from Leicester tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
63	Ademola Lookman puts in a cross...
63	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Leicester with an attacking substitution here.
62	Boubakary Soumare is leaving the field to be replaced by Kelechi Iheanacho in a tactical substitution.
62	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
62	Boubakary Soumare puts in a cross...
62	Ryan Bertrand from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
61	Youri Tielemans sees his shot deflected off target
61	A shot by Ademola Lookman is blocked.
61	Josh Brownhill relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Youri Tielemans swings in a cross from the free kick.
60	After a tactical foul, Ashley Westwood sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
60	The referee signals a free kick as Ashley Westwood from Burnley trips Youri Tielemans
59	Matej Vydra from Burnley is ruled offside.
59	Leicester start a counter attack.
59	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
58	Goal kick for Burnley.
57	A shot by Harvey Barnes is blocked.
57	A shot by Harvey Barnes is blocked.
57	Ademola Lookman from Leicester passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	Ben Mee relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	Ryan Bertrand from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
56	Matthew Lowton clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
56	Ademola Lookman puts in a cross...
55	Ball possession: Leicester: 68%, Burnley: 32%.
55	A shot by Ashley Westwood is blocked.
55	Burnley is having a good opportunity to score.
55	Oh no. From a promising position Ashley Westwood from Burnley miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
55	Matej Vydra of Burnley passes the ball to a team mate.
55	Johann Berg Gudmundsson puts in a cross...
54	Kasper Schmeichel comes out of his goal to claim the ball but he can't hold onto it...
54	Dwight McNeil swings in a cross from the free kick.
54	Ademola Lookman from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Dwight McNeil
53	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Goal kick for Leicester.
52	That's a great ball by Josh Brownhill from Burnley. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
51	Boubakary Soumare from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ashley Westwood
51	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Ryan Bertrand from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
50	Ball possession: Leicester: 68%, Burnley: 32%.
50	Ben Mee relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Timothy Castagne puts in a cross...
50	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Ademola Lookman from Leicester tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
49	A shot by Jamie Vardy is blocked.
49	Timothy Castagne puts in a cross...
48	Leicester is trying to create something here.
48	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Goal kick for Burnley.
47	Jamie Vardy from Leicester sends an effort wide of target
47	Could be a good chance here as Boubakary Soumare from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
47	Goal kick for Leicester.
47	Chris Wood from Burnley sends an effort wide of target
47	The referee signals a free kick as Charlie Taylor from Burnley trips Ademola Lookman
46	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Ashley Westwood puts in a cross...
46	Ricardo Pereira is leaving the field to be replaced by Timothy Castagne in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
50	Leicester had the ball in their control, but couldnt go into the pause with the lead.
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: Leicester: 67%, Burnley: 33%.
49	Wilfred Ndidi relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Dwight McNeil from Burnley swings in the corner from the right.
49	Ashley Westwood from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
49	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
48	Matej Vydra from Burnley passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	The game is restarted.
47	Maxwel Cornet is injured and is replaced by Johann Berg Gudmundsson.
47	It doesn't look good here as Maxwel Cornet is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
47	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley receives a yellow card for time wasting.
46	Maxwel Cornet is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Ball possession: Leicester: 68%, Burnley: 32%.
45	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
45	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Jamie Vardy from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
45	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	A shot by Youri Tielemans is blocked.
44	Matej Vydra relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	Ryan Bertrand from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
44	Jamie Vardy from Leicester makes a great pass, but its intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Ryan Bertrand from Leicester sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
43	Could be a good chance here as Jamie Vardy from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
43	A shot by Harvey Barnes is blocked.
43	Could be a good chance here as Boubakary Soumare from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
42	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
42	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley sends an effort wide of target
42	Ashley Westwood puts in a cross...
41	What a game. It's an intense and good playing game from both sides.
41	Leicester is in control of the ball.
40	A great goal by Maxwel Cornet
40	Matej Vydra provided the assist for the goal.
40	GOOOOOAAL! - Maxwel Cornet volleys the ball into the back of the net with the right. A great finish!
40	Matej Vydra from Burnley makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
40	Great skill from Matej Vydra as he dribbles past his opponents
40	Could be a good chance here as Ashley Westwood from Burnley cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
40	Ball possession: Leicester: 69%, Burnley: 31%.
39	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
39	Leicester is trying to create something here.
38	Burnley is in control of the ball.
37	Youri Tielemans provided the assist for the goal.
37	GOOOOOAAL! - Jamie Vardy scores with the right foot!
37	Could be a good chance here as Youri Tielemans from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
37	Leicester is having a good opportunity to score.
37	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
37	Josh Brownhill goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
36	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester trips Ben Mee
35	Ball possession: Leicester: 68%, Burnley: 32%.
35	Wilfred Ndidi relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
35	Jannik Vestergaard clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
35	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
34	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
33	Ashley Westwood from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
32	The ref blows his whistle. Boubakary Soumare charged Ashley Westwood from behind and it's a free-kick
32	Goal kick for Burnley.
31	Boubakary Soumare from Leicester sends an effort wide of target
31	Ademola Lookman of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
31	Ricardo Pereira of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
31	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Ademola Lookman from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
30	Leicester start a counter attack.
30	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley tries to play a 1-2 with Josh Brownhill, but the ball is intercepted.
30	Goal kick for Burnley.
30	Ball possession: Leicester: 65%, Burnley: 35%.
29	Harvey Barnes from Leicester sends an effort wide of target
28	James Tarkowski from Burnley is ruled offside.
28	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester trips Chris Wood
27	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	Jamie Vardy has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
26	Ricardo Pereira from Leicester directs a ball squarely in the box.
26	Could be a good chance here as Harvey Barnes from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
26	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Ball possession: Leicester: 62%, Burnley: 38%.
25	Leicester is trying to create something here.
24	Leicester is in control of the ball.
23	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	A shot by Wilfred Ndidi is blocked.
23	Maxwel Cornet relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Youri Tielemans puts in a cross...
22	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Matej Vydra from Burnley is ruled offside.
21	Leicester is trying to create something here.
21	Burnley is having a good opportunity to score.
21	Ademola Lookman from Leicester makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
21	Could be a good chance here as Youri Tielemans from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
20	Ball possession: Leicester: 63%, Burnley: 37%.
20	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	Harvey Barnes shoots from outside the box, but Nick Pope has it under control
18	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Ryan Bertrand from Leicester tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
18	Jamie Vardy of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
18	Could be a good chance here as Boubakary Soumare from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
17	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Ryan Bertrand from Leicester directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
17	Leicester is trying to create something here.
16	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
16	Leicester is in control of the ball.
15	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: Leicester: 61%, Burnley: 39%.
15	Leicester is in control of the ball.
13	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Leicester is in control of the ball.
12	OGOWN GOAL - Jamie Vardy sends the ball into his own net!
12	Poor play by Jamie Vardy as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
12	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
12	Maxwel Cornet from Burnley sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
12	Some neat football here as Maxwel Cornet from Burnley plays a 1-2 with Ashley Westwood.
11	Jannik Vestergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	Maxwel Cornet puts in a cross...
11	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ball possession: Leicester: 60%, Burnley: 40%.
10	Goal kick for Burnley.
10	A chance presents itself to Jamie Vardy from Leicester but his header goes wide
10	Youri Tielemans puts in a cross...
9	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
9	A shot by Matej Vydra is blocked.
9	Goal kick for Burnley.
9	Youri Tielemans from Leicester sends an effort wide of target
9	Jamie Vardy of Leicester passes the ball to a team mate.
9	Boubakary Soumare from Leicester find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
9	Jamie Vardy from Leicester heads the ball to a team mate.
8	Ryan Bertrand sends a long ball upfield.
8	Leicester is in control of the ball.
7	Harvey Barnes from Leicester makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
7	Great defending by Matthew Lowton from Burnley to prevent his team conceding a goal.
7	Harvey Barnes has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
7	Ademola Lookman from Leicester directs a ball squarely in the box.
7	Great skill from Ademola Lookman as he dribbles past his opponents
6	Matej Vydra shoots from outside the box, but Kasper Schmeichel has it under control
6	Ryan Bertrand relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
5	Jannik Vestergaard commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
5	The referee signals a free kick as Jannik Vestergaard from Leicester trips Matej Vydra
5	Ball possession: Leicester: 60%, Burnley: 40%.
5	Great vision by Maxwel Cornet from Burnley as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
5	Harvey Barnes puts in a cross...
5	Could be a good chance here as Boubakary Soumare from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
4	Caglar Soyuncu is penalised for pushing Matej Vydra.
4	Leicester is trying to create something here.
3	Leicester is in control of the ball.
3	Burnley is trying to create something here.
2	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
2	Burnley is trying to create something here.
2	Burnley is in control of the ball.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Burnley kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to King Power Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
97	Ball possession: Watford: 52%, Newcastle United: 48%.
97	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
97	Watford end the game with ten men because Oghenekaro Etebo has had to leave the pitch and Watford have no subs left.
97	It doesn't look good here as Oghenekaro Etebo is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
95	Oghenekaro Etebo is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
95	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
95	Ball possession: Watford: 52%, Newcastle United: 48%.
95	Joao Pedro from Watford makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
94	Watford start a counter attack.
94	Jacob Murphy releases a shot, it's parried by Ben Foster but he can't hold onto it...
94	Jacob Murphy from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
94	Could be a good chance here as Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
94	Matt Ritchie relieves the pressure with a clearance
94	Danny Rose from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
94	Ciaran Clark clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
93	Ismaila Sarr puts in a cross...
93	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
92	Ozan Tufan from Watford directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
92	Great vision by William Troost-Ekong from Watford as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
92	Joelinton puts in a cross...
91	Karl Darlow from Newcastle United receives a yellow card for time wasting.
91	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Federico Fernandez relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Joshua King from Watford directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
91	Jeremy Ngakia puts in a cross...
90	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Ball possession: Watford: 52%, Newcastle United: 48%.
90	Joelinton relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Ozan Tufan from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
90	Jeremy Ngakia from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
89	Matt Ritchie relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	That looked a fine chance. Ozan Tufan from Watford directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
89	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Joshua King from Watford is ruled offside.
88	NO GOAL! - After reviewing the situation, the referee announces that the goal for Watford is revoked due to offside.
87	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
87	GOOOOOAAL!! Watford score! Joshua King is on the scoresheet.
87	Moussa Sissoko tests Karl Darlow with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
86	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Watford is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Watford: 51%, Newcastle United: 49%.
85	Watford is in control of the ball.
85	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
84	Oghenekaro Etebo is penalised for pushing Jacob Murphy.
84	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	Joseph Willock is leaving the field to be replaced by Dwight Gayle in a tactical substitution.
83	Javier Manquillo is penalised for pushing Joao Pedro.
83	Danny Rose relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Jacob Murphy from Newcastle United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
82	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
82	Moussa Sissoko is penalised for pushing Joseph Willock.
81	Watford is trying to create something here.
81	Watford is in control of the ball.
81	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Goal kick for Watford.
80	Ball possession: Watford: 51%, Newcastle United: 49%.
80	Ciaran Clark directs a header agonizingly wide of the post. So nearly a goal!
80	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United puts in a great cross...
79	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
79	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
79	Miguel Almiron is leaving the field to be replaced by Jacob Murphy in a tactical substitution.
78	Ismaila Sarr from Watford sends an effort wide of target
78	Ismaila Sarr from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
78	Watford start a counter attack.
78	Joao Pedro from Watford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Miguel Almiron
77	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	The referee signals a free kick as Javier Manquillo from Newcastle United trips Joao Pedro
76	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
75	Safe hands from Ben Foster as he comes out and claims the ball
75	Matt Ritchie swings in a cross from the free kick.
75	Watford with a clear defensive substitution as Emmanuel Dennis comes off for the more defensively minded Oghenekaro Etebo
75	Emmanuel Dennis is leaving the field to be replaced by Oghenekaro Etebo in a tactical substitution.
74	The referee signals a free kick as Moussa Sissoko from Watford trips Javier Manquillo
74	Emmanuel Dennis fouls Miguel Almiron.
74	Safe hands from Ben Foster as he comes out and claims the ball
73	A chance presents itself to Joelinton from Newcastle United but his header goes wide
73	Joseph Willock puts in a cross...
73	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
73	A wonderful team goal!
72	Joshua King provided the assist for the goal.
72	GOOOOOAAL! - Ismaila Sarr from Watford heads the ball from close range into the net.
72	Joshua King from Watford heads the ball to a team mate.
72	Danny Rose from Watford swings in the corner from the left.
71	Javier Manquillo relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Moussa Sissoko puts in a cross...
71	Watford is trying to create something here.
71	Goal kick for Watford.
70	Joseph Willock fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
70	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
70	Ball possession: Watford: 52%, Newcastle United: 48%.
69	The referee shows Craig Cathcart the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
69	Craig Cathcart from Watford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Miguel Almiron
69	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
69	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
69	Joao Pedro relieves the pressure with a clearance
68	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
68	Joseph Willock forces a good save from Ben Foster who turns the ball behind for a corner!
68	Allan Saint-Maximin carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
68	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
67	Goal kick for Watford.
67	Miguel Almiron fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
67	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
67	Kiko is leaving the field to be replaced by Jeremy Ngakia in a tactical substitution.
66	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
66	Joelinton releases a shot, it's parried by Ben Foster but he can't hold onto it...
65	Miguel Almiron tests Ben Foster with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
65	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Ball possession: Watford: 54%, Newcastle United: 46%.
64	Watford with an attacking substitution here.
64	Juraj Kucka is leaving the field to be replaced by Joao Pedro in a tactical substitution.
64	Kiko hand-balls.
63	Watford is in control of the ball.
63	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
62	Danny Rose from Watford crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
62	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	A shot by Joshua King is blocked.
62	Joshua King from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
62	Watford start a counter attack.
62	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Allan Saint-Maximin puts in a cross...
61	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
61	Dangerous challenge by Juraj Kucka from Watford. Sean Longstaff on the receiving end of that.
60	Today's attendance is 20650.
60	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Ball possession: Watford: 54%, Newcastle United: 46%.
60	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
59	Joshua King fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
59	Watford is in control of the ball.
59	Watford is in control of the ball.
58	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Goal kick for Watford.
58	Matt Ritchie goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
58	Matt Ritchie takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
57	Danny Rose from Watford is lucky to stay on the pitch as that was a reckless challenge
56	After a tactical foul, Danny Rose sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
56	The referee signals a free kick as Danny Rose from Watford trips Miguel Almiron
56	Could be a good chance here as Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
56	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Federico Fernandez relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Ismaila Sarr puts in a cross...
55	Watford is trying to create something here.
55	Ball possession: Watford: 53%, Newcastle United: 47%.
55	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
54	Ozan Tufan fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
54	Watford is trying to create something here.
54	A shot by Emmanuel Dennis is blocked.
53	Watford start a counter attack.
53	Ozan Tufan is penalised for pushing Sean Longstaff.
52	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	The referee signals a free kick as Joseph Willock from Newcastle United trips Juraj Kucka
51	Watford is in control of the ball.
51	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
50	Ball possession: Watford: 51%, Newcastle United: 49%.
50	Oh no. From a promising position Emmanuel Dennis from Watford miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
50	Isaac Hayden relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Craig Cathcart puts in a cross...
49	A shot by Emmanuel Dennis is blocked.
49	Great skill from Emmanuel Dennis as he dribbles past his opponents
49	Ciaran Clark fouls Moussa Sissoko.
49	Watford plays a short goal kick.
49	The game is restarted.
49	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
48	Danger averted there as Moussa Sissoko from Watford clears the danger with a good tackle
48	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
48	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
48	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Ozan Tufan comes back onto the field.
47	Watford is in control of the ball.
47	The match resumes with a drop ball.
47	It doesn't look good here as Ozan Tufan is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
47	Ozan Tufan is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
46	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
46	Watford is in control of the ball.
46	Watford is in control of the ball.
46	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
46	Tom Cleverley is injured and is replaced by Ozan Tufan.
46	The second half is underway.
50	Newcastle United has been the better team in this half
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: Watford: 51%, Newcastle United: 49%.
50	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
49	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
49	A shot by Allan Saint-Maximin is blocked.
49	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
49	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
49	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Joelinton relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Tom Cleverley swings in a cross from the free kick.
48	The referee signals a free kick as Isaac Hayden from Newcastle United trips Ismaila Sarr
47	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	A shot by Juraj Kucka is blocked.
47	Danny Rose puts in a cross...
46	Watford is trying to create something here.
46	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
45	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Watford is trying to create something here.
45	Ball possession: Watford: 47%, Newcastle United: 53%.
45	Goal kick for Watford.
44	CHANCE! Sean Longstaff has a great chance to score but his volleyed effort fails to hit the target!
44	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United directs a ball squarely in the box.
44	CHANCE! Allan Saint-Maximin finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
44	Craig Cathcart could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
44	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Goal kick for Watford.
43	Joseph Willock from Newcastle United sends an effort wide of target
43	Joseph Willock from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
43	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
42	Goal kick for Watford.
42	A chance presents itself to Ciaran Clark from Newcastle United but his header goes wide
42	Matt Ritchie swings in a cross from the free kick.
42	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - not to award a penalty for Newcastle United!
41	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
40	After a tactical foul, William Troost-Ekong sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
40	The referee signals a free kick as William Troost-Ekong from Watford trips Joseph Willock
40	Joseph Willock from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
40	Ball possession: Watford: 45%, Newcastle United: 55%.
40	Isaac Hayden relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Danny Rose puts in a cross...
40	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
40	Watford is in control of the ball.
39	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
39	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
38	William Troost-Ekong from Watford tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
38	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Watford is in control of the ball.
37	The referee signals a free kick as Joelinton from Newcastle United trips Ismaila Sarr
37	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
36	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
36	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
35	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Ball possession: Watford: 39%, Newcastle United: 61%.
35	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Ball possession: Watford: 39%, Newcastle United: 61%.
34	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Federico Fernandez relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the left.
34	Juraj Kucka from Watford sends a shot outside the penalty box, but the [goalkeeper] manages to grab the ball.
33	Sean Longstaff fouls Juraj Kucka.
32	Javier Manquillo relieves the pressure with a clearance
32	Ismaila Sarr tests Karl Darlow with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
32	Ismaila Sarr from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
31	The referee signals a free kick as Tom Cleverley from Watford trips Sean Longstaff
31	Ben Foster relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Ben Foster could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
31	Watford is in control of the ball.
30	After a tactical foul, Matt Ritchie sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
30	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ismaila Sarr
30	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
30	Ball possession: Watford: 39%, Newcastle United: 61%.
29	The referee signals a free kick as Tom Cleverley from Watford trips Sean Longstaff
29	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
28	Watford is in control of the ball.
28	The referee signals a free kick as Juraj Kucka from Watford trips Joelinton
28	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
27	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Watford is in control of the ball.
27	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
27	Could be a good chance here as Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
26	Watford is trying to create something here.
26	Goal kick for Watford.
25	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Newcastle United start a counter attack.
25	Isaac Hayden relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Juraj Kucka puts in a cross...
25	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Watford: 35%, Newcastle United: 65%.
24	Watford is in control of the ball.
24	A great goal by Sean Longstaff
23	Allan Saint-Maximin provided the assist for the goal.
23	GOOOOOAAL! - Sean Longstaff from Newcastle United beats the keeper from outside the box with the right foot!
23	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
22	Joseph Willock sees his shot deflected off target
22	Newcastle United is having a good opportunity to score.
22	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
22	The game is restarted.
20	Ball possession: Watford: 39%, Newcastle United: 61%.
20	Karl Darlow is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
20	Tom Cleverley is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
20	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
20	Dangerous challenge by Tom Cleverley from Watford. Karl Darlow on the receiving end of that.
20	Federico Fernandez relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Tom Cleverley swings in a cross from the free kick.
18	After a tactical foul, Javier Manquillo sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
18	Javier Manquillo from Newcastle United commits a foul by elbowing Danny Rose
18	Goal kick for Watford.
17	After a tactical foul, Emmanuel Dennis sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
17	Emmanuel Dennis from Watford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Sean Longstaff
17	Sean Longstaff from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
16	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Watford is in control of the ball.
16	Joseph Willock hand-balls.
15	Ball possession: Watford: 41%, Newcastle United: 59%.
15	Watford plays a short goal kick.
15	Sean Longstaff from Newcastle United sends a shot inches wide of the post. Close!
15	Joshua King relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
15	Federico Fernandez directs a header goal-bound but it's saved to a corner-kick by Ben Foster!
14	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
14	The game is restarted.
14	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
14	Sean Longstaff sees his shot deflected off target
13	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
13	William Troost-Ekong clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
13	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the right.
12	Javier Manquillo from Newcastle United sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
12	Could be a good chance here as Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
12	Goal kick for Watford.
11	Javier Manquillo from Newcastle United crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
11	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
11	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Ismaila Sarr hand-balls.
10	Ball possession: Watford: 52%, Newcastle United: 48%.
9	Isaac Hayden is penalised for pushing Danny Rose.
9	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
8	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
8	The game is restarted.
7	Miguel Almiron is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
7	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
6	Juraj Kucka from Watford commits a foul by elbowing Miguel Almiron
6	Watford start a counter attack.
6	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Allan Saint-Maximin puts in a cross...
6	A shot by Allan Saint-Maximin is blocked.
6	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
6	Goal kick for Watford.
5	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
5	Ball possession: Watford: 58%, Newcastle United: 42%.
5	Newcastle United plays a short goal kick.
4	Danny Rose from Watford tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
4	Federico Fernandez relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Tom Cleverley swings in a cross from the free kick.
3	The referee signals a free kick as Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United trips Ismaila Sarr
3	Danny Rose from Watford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
3	Federico Fernandez relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the left.
2	Karl Darlow from Newcastle United makes a great save.
2	Joshua King forces a good save from Karl Darlow who turns the ball behind for a corner!
2	Joshua King releases a shot, it's parried by Karl Darlow but he can't hold onto it...
2	Could be a good chance here as Joshua King from Watford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
2	Watford start a counter attack.
1	Joshua King is penalised for pushing Isaac Hayden.
1	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Newcastle United kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Vicarage Road Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Ball possession: Chelsea: 40%, Manchester City: 60%.
96	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
96	Cesar Azpilicueta swings in a cross from the free kick.
96	Yellow card for Ruben Dias.
96	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Dias from Manchester City trips Romelu Lukaku
95	A shot by Gabriel Jesus is blocked.
95	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
95	Marcos Alonso heads the ball back across goal...
94	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City trips Timo Werner
94	Romelu Lukaku puts in a cross...
94	Chelsea is having a good opportunity to score.
93	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
92	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City is ruled offside.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Ball possession: Chelsea: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
90	Kai Havertz is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
90	Ederson Moraes is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Kai Havertz from Chelsea trips Ederson Moraes
90	Ederson Moraes relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Antonio Ruediger sends a long ball upfield.
89	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
88	Goal kick for Manchester City.
88	Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
88	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Oh no. From a promising position Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
88	Cesar Azpilicueta sends a long ball upfield.
87	The referee signals a free kick as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City trips Mateo Kovacic
87	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Jack Grealish is leaving the field to be replaced by Raheem Sterling in a tactical substitution.
87	Phil Foden is leaving the field to be replaced by Fernandinho in a tactical substitution.
86	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
85	A shot by Timo Werner is blocked.
85	Ball possession: Chelsea: 35%, Manchester City: 65%.
85	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
84	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Yellow card for Antonio Ruediger.
84	Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Riyad Mahrez
83	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
83	Cesar Azpilicueta puts in a cross...
83	Edouard Mendy saved a certain goal there! Jack Grealish found himself in a great scoring position but Edouard Mendy denied him with a great save
83	Danger! Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
83	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	Kyle Walker relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Timo Werner puts in a cross...
82	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City looks to have committed a foul on Kai Havertz but the referee is not having it and waves play on!
81	Gabriel Jesus hand-balls.
81	Kevin De Bruyne is leaving the field to be replaced by Riyad Mahrez in a tactical substitution.
80	Ruben Loftus-Cheek is penalised for pushing Jack Grealish.
80	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
80	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
80	Ball possession: Chelsea: 35%, Manchester City: 65%.
80	CHANCE! Aymeric Laporte has a great chance to score but his volleyed effort fails to hit the target!
80	Kevin De Bruyne swings in a cross from the free kick.
79	The referee signals a free kick as Kai Havertz from Chelsea trips Kyle Walker
78	Yellow card for Andreas Christensen.
78	Andreas Christensen from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Kevin De Bruyne
77	Yellow card for Marcos Alonso.
77	The referee signals a free kick as Marcos Alonso from Chelsea trips Bernardo Silva
77	Kyle Walker relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	Cesar Azpilicueta puts in a cross...
76	The referee signals a free kick as Rodri from Manchester City trips Ruben Loftus-Cheek
76	Jorginho is leaving the field to be replaced by Ruben Loftus-Cheek in a tactical substitution.
76	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
75	Ball possession: Chelsea: 35%, Manchester City: 65%.
74	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but Edouard Mendy runs out to collect the ball
74	Danger! Jack Grealish from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
74	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
73	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
73	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
73	Cesar Azpilicueta clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
72	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
71	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
71	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
71	A shot by Mateo Kovacic is blocked.
70	Ball possession: Chelsea: 35%, Manchester City: 65%.
70	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
69	Poor play by Ruben Dias as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
69	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
69	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
68	Chelsea start a counter attack.
68	Ruben Dias from Manchester City tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
68	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
68	A shot by Kevin De Bruyne is blocked.
68	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
68	Jack Grealish from Manchester City successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
68	Danger! Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
67	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Goal kick for Manchester City.
67	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
67	Mateo Kovacic puts in a cross...
66	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
66	Marcos Alonso takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
65	Ball possession: Chelsea: 34%, Manchester City: 66%.
65	Yellow card for Aymeric Laporte.
65	Aymeric Laporte from Manchester City goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Romelu Lukaku
64	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
63	Kai Havertz from Chelsea is ruled offside.
62	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
62	Great defending by Thiago Silva from Chelsea to prevent his team conceding a goal.
62	What a chance! Gabriel Jesus looks odds on to score, but his effort is cleared off the line!
62	Poor play by Edouard Mendy as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
61	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
61	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	N'Golo Kante is leaving the field to be replaced by Kai Havertz in a tactical substitution.
60	Ball possession: Chelsea: 33%, Manchester City: 67%.
60	Timo Werner from Chelsea is ruled offside.
60	Phil Foden from Manchester City is ruled offside.
60	Danger! Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
60	Manchester City start a counter attack.
59	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
59	Antonio Ruediger puts in a cross...
59	Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Great skill from Romelu Lukaku as he dribbles past his opponents
59	Danger! Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
59	Marcos Alonso relieves the pressure with a clearance
59	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
58	Jack Grealish forces a good save from Edouard Mendy who turns the ball behind for a corner!
58	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
57	Phil Foden from Manchester City is ruled offside.
57	Kevin De Bruyne relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
56	Joao Cancelo clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
56	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
56	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Aymeric Laporte relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Cesar Azpilicueta puts in a cross...
55	The referee signals a free kick as Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City trips Jorginho
55	Ball possession: Chelsea: 34%, Manchester City: 66%.
53	Joao Cancelo provided the assist for the goal.
53	GOAL! - Gabriel Jesus score from a shot with the right foot, that takes a deflection.
53	A shot by Joao Cancelo is blocked.
53	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
52	Thiago Silva clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
52	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
52	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
51	Ball possession: Chelsea: 34%, Manchester City: 66%.
51	Cesar Azpilicueta is penalised for pushing Jack Grealish.
51	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Andreas Christensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Gabriel Jesus puts in a cross...
49	Timo Werner from Chelsea is ruled offside.
49	Goal kick for Chelsea.
49	Jack Grealish fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
48	A shot by Kevin De Bruyne is blocked.
48	Jack Grealish from Manchester City successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
48	Danger! Joao Cancelo from Manchester City successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
48	Jack Grealish from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
47	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
47	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
46	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Chelsea: 31%, Manchester City: 69%.
48	Jack Grealish from Manchester City crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
47	Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
47	Timo Werner from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
47	Danger! N'Golo Kante from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
46	The referee signals a free kick as Marcos Alonso from Chelsea trips Kyle Walker
46	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
45	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
45	Andreas Christensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
45	Andreas Christensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
45	Ball possession: Chelsea: 31%, Manchester City: 69%.
45	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
44	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
44	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
43	N'Golo Kante from Chelsea crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
43	Aymeric Laporte from Manchester City goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Romelu Lukaku
42	Goal kick for Chelsea.
41	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
41	Phil Foden puts in a cross...
41	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
41	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
40	The referee signals a free kick as Jorginho from Chelsea trips Kevin De Bruyne
40	Jack Grealish relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Antonio Ruediger puts in a cross...
40	Ball possession: Chelsea: 30%, Manchester City: 70%.
40	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
39	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
39	Kevin De Bruyne fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
39	Marcos Alonso relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Bernardo Silva heads the ball back across goal...
38	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
38	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
37	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
37	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
36	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
36	Jack Grealish from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
36	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Chelsea: 30%, Manchester City: 70%.
35	Jorginho relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
35	Edouard Mendy relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
34	Phil Foden from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Ruben Dias from Manchester City heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
34	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
34	Rodri sees his shot deflected off target
33	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	The referee signals a free kick as Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea trips Jack Grealish
32	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	A shot by Kevin De Bruyne is blocked.
31	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
30	Ball possession: Chelsea: 31%, Manchester City: 69%.
30	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
30	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
29	Reece James is injured and is replaced by Thiago Silva.
27	Reece James is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
27	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
27	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	Edouard Mendy relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
25	Marcos Alonso clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
25	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
25	Ball possession: Chelsea: 29%, Manchester City: 71%.
25	Cesar Azpilicueta clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
24	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
23	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
23	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
22	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
21	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
20	Ball possession: Chelsea: 30%, Manchester City: 70%.
19	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
19	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
19	Jack Grealish from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
18	Antonio Ruediger is penalised for pushing Rodri.
18	Rodri relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
18	A shot by Timo Werner is blocked.
17	Phil Foden from Manchester City is ruled offside.
17	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
16	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
15	Timo Werner from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
15	Danger! Marcos Alonso from Chelsea successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
15	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
15	Ball possession: Chelsea: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
14	Jack Grealish from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
14	Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
13	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
12	Reece James comes back onto the field.
12	The match resumes with a drop ball.
12	It doesn't look good here as Reece James is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
11	Reece James is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
11	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
10	Ball possession: Chelsea: 34%, Manchester City: 66%.
10	Antonio Ruediger is penalised for pushing Gabriel Jesus.
9	Ruben Dias is penalised for pushing Timo Werner.
9	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
8	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
7	Kevin De Bruyne is penalised for pushing Marcos Alonso.
7	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
7	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
7	Danger averted there as Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea clears the danger with a good tackle
6	Andreas Christensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Gabriel Jesus puts in a cross...
6	Manchester City is having a good opportunity to score.
5	Goal kick for Chelsea.
5	Could be a good chance here as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
5	Ball possession: Chelsea: 50%, Manchester City: 50%.
4	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
3	Cesar Azpilicueta clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
3	Gabriel Jesus puts in a cross...
3	Manchester City is having a good opportunity to score.
2	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
2	Jack Grealish from Manchester City had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
2	Great skill from Jack Grealish as he dribbles past his opponents
1	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Manchester City kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Stamford Bridge, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	Both teams could have won today but Aston Villa just managed to carve out the victory
97	Today's game will be with limited number of spectators on the stands due to coronavirus restrictions.
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Ball possession: Manchester United: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
96	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
95	Paul Pogba from Manchester United crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
95	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
95	Ball possession: Manchester United: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
94	Mason Greenwood fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
94	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
94	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
93	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
93	PENHE MISSES - Bruno Fernandes takes the penalty, but the shot goes wide.
92	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - penalty for Manchester United!
91	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
91	The fourth official shows there are 5 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	PENALTY! - Kortney Hause handles the ball in the penalty box! Heavy protests from Kortney Hause but the ref is uninterested.
91	Edinson Cavani from Manchester United heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
91	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
91	Manchester United is having a good opportunity to score.
90	Yellow card for Matty Cash.
90	Matty Cash from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Diogo Dalot
90	Ball possession: Manchester United: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
90	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
88	Douglas Luiz provided the assist for the goal.
88	GOOOOOAAL! - Kortney Hause from Aston Villa heads the ball home!
88	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
88	The game is restarted.
88	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
87	Aaron Wan-Bissaka clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
87	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
86	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
86	Jacob Ramsey is injured and is replaced by Cameron Archer.
85	Jacob Ramsey fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
85	Cristiano Ronaldo relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
85	Ball possession: Manchester United: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
84	Victor Lindelof clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
84	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
84	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
84	Edinson Cavani from Manchester United sends a deflected cross into the box.
83	Safe hands from Emiliano Martinez as he comes out and claims the ball
83	A chance presents itself to Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United but his header goes wide
83	Mason Greenwood puts in a cross...
83	Jacob Ramsey comes back onto the field.
82	The game is restarted.
82	It doesn't look good here as Jacob Ramsey is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
82	Scott McTominay is leaving the field to be replaced by Edinson Cavani in a tactical substitution.
81	Jacob Ramsey is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
81	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
81	Emiliano Buendia is penalised for pushing Scott McTominay.
81	Emiliano Buendia from Aston Villa makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
81	John McGinn puts in a cross...
80	Safe hands from David De Gea as he comes out and claims the ball
80	Jacob Ramsey puts in a cross...
80	Kortney Hause from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
80	Jacob Ramsey puts in a cross...
80	Ball possession: Manchester United: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
80	Paul Pogba relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	John McGinn swings in a cross from the free kick.
79	Reckless challenge there. Diogo Dalot commits a rough foul on Matty Cash
78	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Danny Ings is leaving the field to be replaced by Emiliano Buendia in a tactical substitution.
77	After a tactical foul, Fred sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
77	The referee signals a free kick as Fred from Manchester United trips John McGinn
76	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
76	Scott McTominay from Manchester United crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
76	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
75	Good effort by Paul Pogba as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
75	Great skill from Paul Pogba as he dribbles past his opponents
75	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
75	Ball possession: Manchester United: 60%, Aston Villa: 40%.
74	Matt Targett comes back onto the field.
74	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	The game is restarted.
74	It doesn't look good here as Matt Targett is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
74	Matt Targett is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
73	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
73	Raphael Varane from Manchester United heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
73	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
72	The match is very one-sided right now. Manchester United are clearly dominating possession
72	A shot by Mason Greenwood is blocked.
72	A shot by Mason Greenwood is blocked.
72	Aaron Wan-Bissaka of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
72	Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
71	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
71	Paul Pogba from Manchester United sends an effort wide of target
71	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
70	A shot by Cristiano Ronaldo is blocked.
70	Ball possession: Manchester United: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
70	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
69	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United sends an effort wide of target
69	Manchester United start a counter attack.
69	Fred relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
69	Ollie Watkins releases a shot, it's parried by David De Gea but he can't hold onto it...
69	Great skill from Ollie Watkins as he dribbles past his opponents
69	Could be a good chance here as Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
69	Aston Villa start a counter attack.
68	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
68	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
68	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
67	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
67	Harry Maguire is injured and is replaced by Victor Lindelof.
66	John McGinn commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
66	Reckless challenge there. John McGinn commits a rough foul on Bruno Fernandes
66	Safe hands from David De Gea as he comes out and claims the ball
66	Douglas Luiz puts in a cross...
65	Good effort by Mason Greenwood as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
65	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
65	Could be a good chance here as Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
65	Ball possession: Manchester United: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
65	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
64	Bruno Fernandes swings in a cross from the free kick.
63	The referee signals a free kick as Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa trips Scott McTominay
63	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
62	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Paul Pogba from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
62	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
61	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
61	Paul Pogba fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
61	Manchester United is having a good opportunity to score.
60	Ball possession: Manchester United: 58%, Aston Villa: 42%.
60	Bruno Fernandes relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
59	Danny Ings from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
59	David De Gea could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
59	Tyrone Mings hand-balls.
59	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
59	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
58	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Aaron Wan-Bissaka relieves the pressure with a clearance
58	John McGinn puts in a cross...
57	Could be a good chance here as Danny Ings from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
57	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United passes the ball, but his team mate can't benefit from it.
56	Could be a good chance here as Paul Pogba from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
55	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Harry Maguire comes back onto the field.
55	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	The game is restarted.
55	Ball possession: Manchester United: 58%, Aston Villa: 42%.
54	It doesn't look good here as Harry Maguire is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
53	Harry Maguire is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
53	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
52	The ref blows his whistle. Mason Greenwood charged Tyrone Mings from behind and it's a free-kick
51	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
51	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Jacob Ramsey puts in a cross...
51	Paul Pogba relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Matt Targett swings in a cross from the free kick.
51	The referee signals a free kick as Mason Greenwood from Manchester United trips Jacob Ramsey
50	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
50	John McGinn puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Manchester United: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
50	The referee signals a free kick as Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa trips Aaron Wan-Bissaka
49	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
49	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
48	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
48	John McGinn from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
48	Raphael Varane relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Douglas Luiz puts in a cross...
47	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
46	The second half is underway.
50	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: Manchester United: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
49	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	The game is restarted.
48	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
48	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
47	Paul Pogba sends a header inches wide. Close!
47	Raphael Varane from Manchester United heads the ball to a team mate.
47	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United swings in the corner from the right.
47	The game is restarted.
47	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
47	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
46	Cristiano Ronaldo takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
46	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Paul Pogba
45	Manchester United is having a good opportunity to score.
45	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
45	Ball possession: Manchester United: 58%, Aston Villa: 42%.
44	The referee signals a free kick as Paul Pogba from Manchester United trips Matt Targett
44	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
44	Diogo Dalot from Manchester United takes a short corner kick from the left.
43	A shot by Mason Greenwood is blocked.
43	A header from Harry Maguire is blocked by the keeper and bounces back into play!
43	Bruno Fernandes swings in a cross from the free kick.
43	Kortney Hause is penalised for pushing Cristiano Ronaldo.
42	The referee signals a free kick as Mason Greenwood from Manchester United trips Ezri Konsa
42	A player from Manchester United takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
41	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
41	Diogo Dalot of Manchester United passes the ball to a team mate.
41	Manchester United is having a good opportunity to score.
41	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Danny Ings from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
40	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
40	Ball possession: Manchester United: 57%, Aston Villa: 43%.
40	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
39	What a miss! Ezri Konsa has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
39	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
39	Douglas Luiz takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
37	Reckless challenge there. Bruno Fernandes commits a rough foul on Douglas Luiz
37	Diogo Dalot relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Danny Ings puts in a cross...
37	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Jacob Ramsey puts in a cross...
37	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
36	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Matt Targett from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
35	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
35	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
35	Ball possession: Manchester United: 57%, Aston Villa: 43%.
35	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
35	The game is restarted.
34	Luke Shaw is injured and is replaced by Diogo Dalot.
33	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
33	Aaron Wan-Bissaka from Manchester United makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
33	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
32	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
32	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
31	The referee signals a free kick as Paul Pogba from Manchester United trips Danny Ings
30	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
30	Manchester United is having a good opportunity to score.
30	Ball possession: Manchester United: 55%, Aston Villa: 45%.
30	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
29	After a tactical foul, Luke Shaw sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
29	Luke Shaw is penalised for pushing Matty Cash.
28	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Fred
28	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
27	Luke Shaw comes back onto the field.
27	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
27	The game is restarted.
27	It doesn't look good here as Luke Shaw is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
26	Luke Shaw is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
26	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
25	Fred goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
25	A shot by Cristiano Ronaldo is blocked.
25	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Manchester United: 53%, Aston Villa: 47%.
25	A shot by Bruno Fernandes is blocked.
25	A shot by Paul Pogba is blocked.
25	Kortney Hause relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
24	A shot by Bruno Fernandes is blocked.
24	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
24	Luke Shaw from Manchester United takes a short corner kick from the right.
24	Paul Pogba sees his shot deflected off target
24	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
23	John McGinn is penalised for pushing Bruno Fernandes.
22	Ollie Watkins has a great chance to score, but David De Gea comes out strongly to save!
22	Poor play by David De Gea as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
22	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
21	Bruno Fernandes from Manchester United crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
21	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
21	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
20	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Manchester United: 52%, Aston Villa: 48%.
19	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Good effort by Mason Greenwood as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
18	Great skill from Mason Greenwood as he dribbles past his opponents
18	Could be a good chance here as Paul Pogba from Manchester United cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
17	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
17	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
16	How did he miss that? Matt Targett has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
16	Matty Cash from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box.
16	John McGinn carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
16	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
16	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
15	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
15	Ball possession: Manchester United: 58%, Aston Villa: 42%.
14	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Paul Pogba from Manchester United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
13	Bruno Fernandes puts in a cross...
13	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Paul Pogba from Manchester United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
13	Manchester United plays a short goal kick.
12	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
12	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
11	Cristiano Ronaldo fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
11	Manchester United is having a good opportunity to score.
10	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
10	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Ball possession: Manchester United: 56%, Aston Villa: 44%.
9	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
9	Luke Shaw from Manchester United is ruled offside.
9	Luke Shaw from Manchester United takes a short corner kick from the left.
8	Mason Greenwood sees his shot deflected off target
8	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
8	Manchester United start a counter attack.
8	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
8	Harry Maguire relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Danny Ings puts in a cross...
7	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
7	Mason Greenwood from Manchester United is ruled offside.
6	Manchester United is in control of the ball.
6	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Manchester United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Bruno Fernandes takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
5	The game is restarted.
5	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
5	Ball possession: Manchester United: 52%, Aston Villa: 48%.
4	The ref blows his whistle. Kortney Hause charged Mason Greenwood from behind and it's a free-kick
4	Manchester United is having a good opportunity to score.
4	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
3	The referee signals a free kick as Danny Ings from Aston Villa trips Harry Maguire
3	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
2	Bruno Fernandes goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
2	Luke Shaw puts in a cross...
2	Manchester United is trying to create something here.
2	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Manchester United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Aston Villa kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Old Trafford, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Chelsea with a deserved victory after a fine display
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Today's attendance is 60059.
95	Thiago Silva from Chelsea is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
95	Ball possession: Tottenham: 49%, Chelsea: 51%.
95	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea takes a short corner kick from the right.
94	Romelu Lukaku sees his shot deflected off target
94	Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
94	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
92	Timo Werner provided the assist for the goal.
92	GOOOOOAAL! - Antonio Ruediger scores with the right foot!
92	Timo Werner from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box.
92	Thiago Silva from Chelsea tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
92	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
91	Should have been a goal! Mateo Kovacic gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Hugo Lloris!
91	CHANCE! Mateo Kovacic finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
91	Some neat football here as Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea plays a 1-2 with Romelu Lukaku.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
90	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
90	Ball possession: Tottenham: 49%, Chelsea: 51%.
90	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
88	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
88	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
88	Some neat football here as Marcos Alonso from Chelsea plays a 1-2 with Mateo Kovacic.
87	The referee signals a free kick as Bryan Gil from Tottenham trips Marcos Alonso
87	A shot by Romelu Lukaku is blocked.
87	Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
87	Could be a good chance here as Jorginho from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
87	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
86	Romelu Lukaku sends a header towards goal, but Hugo Lloris is there to comfortably save it
86	Antonio Ruediger puts in a cross...
86	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
86	Sergio Reguilon relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
86	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
85	Ball possession: Tottenham: 50%, Chelsea: 50%.
85	The referee signals a free kick as Jorginho from Chelsea trips Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg
84	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
84	The match resumes with a drop ball.
83	Cristian Romero is leaving the field to be replaced by Davinson Sanchez in a tactical substitution.
82	Hugo Lloris is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
82	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
82	Davinson Sanchez relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	A shot by Marcos Alonso is blocked.
82	Hugo Lloris relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
81	Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
81	A shot by Marcos Alonso is blocked.
81	Timo Werner has a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind for a corner kick by the keeper!
81	Could be a good chance here as N'Golo Kante from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
81	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
80	Timo Werner commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
80	Reckless challenge there. Timo Werner commits a rough foul on Bryan Gil
79	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
79	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
79	Chelsea start a counter attack.
79	Safe hands from Hugo Lloris as he comes out and claims the ball
78	Emerson relieves the pressure with a clearance
78	Timo Werner from Chelsea had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
78	Great skill from Romelu Lukaku as he dribbles past his opponents
78	Could be a good chance here as Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
78	Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
78	Chelsea start a counter attack.
77	The referee signals a free kick as N'Golo Kante from Chelsea trips Dele Alli
77	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
76	Ball possession: Tottenham: 51%, Chelsea: 49%.
76	Oliver Skipp clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
76	Timo Werner puts in a cross...
76	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
75	Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
75	Timo Werner of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
75	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Hugo Lloris from Tottenham makes a great save.
75	So nearly a goal there! Thiago Silva's header looked destined for the back of the net but Hugo Lloris saves it!
75	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
74	Timo Werner from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
74	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
74	The match resumes with a drop ball.
73	Kepa Arrizabalaga is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
72	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
72	Safe hands from Kepa Arrizabalaga as he comes out and claims the ball
72	Heung-Min Son swings in a cross from the free kick.
71	The referee signals a free kick as Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea trips Emerson
71	Timo Werner is penalised for pushing Cristian Romero.
71	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Ball possession: Tottenham: 51%, Chelsea: 49%.
70	Kai Havertz is leaving the field to be replaced by Timo Werner in a tactical substitution.
70	That's a great ball by Dele Alli from Tottenham. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
69	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
69	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
68	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	The referee signals a free kick as Kai Havertz from Chelsea trips Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg
68	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
67	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
67	Harry Kane puts in a cross...
67	Great vision by Marcos Alonso from Chelsea as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
67	Cristian Romero from Tottenham heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
67	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
67	Marcos Alonso clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
66	Harry Kane from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	Dele Alli relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
66	Chelsea start a counter attack.
65	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	What a game. It's an intense and good playing game from both sides.
65	Ball possession: Tottenham: 49%, Chelsea: 51%.
64	Harry Kane shoots from outside the box, but Kepa Arrizabalaga has it under control
64	Some neat football here as Harry Kane from Tottenham plays a 1-2 with Heung-Min Son.
64	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
64	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
63	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
62	Giovani Lo Celso is leaving the field to be replaced by Bryan Gil in a tactical substitution.
62	Tanguy Ndombele is leaving the field to be replaced by Oliver Skipp in a tactical substitution.
62	Tanguy Ndombele goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
62	Dele Alli from Tottenham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
61	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
61	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
61	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
61	Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
60	Chelsea start a counter attack.
60	Ball possession: Tottenham: 49%, Chelsea: 51%.
59	The referee signals a free kick as Kai Havertz from Chelsea trips Sergio Reguilon
59	Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Mateo Kovacic provided the assist for the goal.
57	GOAL! - N'Golo Kante score from a shot with the right foot, that takes a deflection.
57	Chelsea start a counter attack.
57	Cristian Romero relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
57	Andreas Christensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Harry Kane sends a long ball upfield.
56	Harry Kane from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
55	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
55	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
55	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
55	Ball possession: Tottenham: 49%, Chelsea: 51%.
54	Antonio Ruediger sends a header towards goal, but Hugo Lloris is there to comfortably save it
54	Cesar Azpilicueta puts in a cross...
54	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea takes a short corner kick from the right.
54	Marcos Alonso sees his shot deflected off target
54	Great defending by Eric Dier from Tottenham to prevent his team conceding a goal.
54	Marcos Alonso has a great chance to score, but he sees his volley cleared off the line!
53	Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box.
53	Kai Havertz from Chelsea makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
53	Kai Havertz from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
53	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
52	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
52	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Ball possession: Tottenham: 51%, Chelsea: 49%.
49	Marcos Alonso provided the assist for the goal.
49	GOOOOOAAL! - Thiago Silva from Chelsea heads the ball home!
49	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
49	Emerson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
49	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
48	Dele Alli relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	N'Golo Kante from Chelsea makes an aerial pass in the box, but its intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Harry Kane relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
48	Harry Kane clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
48	Jorginho from Chelsea tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
47	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
47	Marcos Alonso volleys a shot on target, but Hugo Lloris is on hand to save it
47	Thiago Silva sends a long ball upfield.
46	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Mason Mount is leaving the field to be replaced by N'Golo Kante in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
48	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Tottenham: 51%, Chelsea: 49%.
47	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
47	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Tanguy Ndombele comes back onto the field.
45	Ball possession: Tottenham: 50%, Chelsea: 50%.
45	The match resumes with a drop ball.
45	It doesn't look good here as Tanguy Ndombele is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
43	Tanguy Ndombele is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
43	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
43	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
42	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
42	Marcos Alonso is penalised for pushing Emerson.
42	Goal kick for Tottenham.
42	Thiago Silva from Chelsea makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
41	Poor play by Dele Alli as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
41	Thiago Silva from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
41	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea swings in the corner from the right.
41	Mason Mount from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
41	Could be a good chance here as Andreas Christensen from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
40	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
40	Ball possession: Tottenham: 46%, Chelsea: 54%.
39	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
39	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
38	That's a great ball by Kai Havertz from Chelsea. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
38	Chelsea start a counter attack.
38	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
38	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
37	Tottenham is trying to create something here.
37	The match resumes with a drop ball.
36	The play is stopped for a brief moment, as the ball was touched by the referee.
36	The referee signals a free kick as Emerson from Tottenham trips Marcos Alonso
35	Emerson from Tottenham is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
35	Romelu Lukaku puts in a cross...
35	Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
35	Ball possession: Tottenham: 47%, Chelsea: 53%.
35	The game is restarted.
34	Heung-Min Son is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
34	Kepa Arrizabalaga is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
34	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
33	Heung-Min Son has a great chance to score, but Kepa Arrizabalaga comes out strongly to save!
33	CHANCE! Heung-Min Son finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
33	Could be a good chance here as Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
32	Mason Mount is penalised for pushing Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg.
32	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
32	A chance presents itself to Kai Havertz from Chelsea but his header goes wide
32	Mason Mount puts in a cross...
31	A shot by Kai Havertz is blocked.
31	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
31	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea makes an aerial pass in the box, but its intercepted by an opponent player.
31	Emerson relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Thiago Silva sends a long ball upfield.
30	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Could be a good chance here as Marcos Alonso from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
30	Ball possession: Tottenham: 47%, Chelsea: 53%.
30	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Dele Alli from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
29	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
28	Marcos Alonso is penalised for pushing Emerson.
27	Jorginho from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Harry Kane
27	The referee signals a free kick as Harry Kane from Tottenham trips Jorginho
26	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
26	Andreas Christensen from Chelsea sends a shot inches over the crossbar. Close!
26	Some neat football here as Andreas Christensen from Chelsea plays a 1-2 with Romelu Lukaku.
25	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Tottenham: 49%, Chelsea: 51%.
25	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
25	Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
24	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
24	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
24	Jorginho from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
23	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
23	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Kepa Arrizabalaga from Chelsea fails to clear the ball properly and gives away a throw-in to the opponent team.
23	Dele Alli from Tottenham directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
22	A shot by Mason Mount is blocked.
22	Great skill from Mason Mount as he dribbles past his opponents
22	Dele Alli relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Mason Mount from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
21	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
21	Safe hands from Kepa Arrizabalaga as he comes out and claims the ball
21	Harry Kane puts in a cross...
21	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
21	Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
21	Could be a good chance here as Heung-Min Son from Tottenham cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
20	Tottenham start a counter attack.
20	Ball possession: Tottenham: 44%, Chelsea: 56%.
20	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
20	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
19	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	Giovani Lo Celso goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
18	Romelu Lukaku relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
18	Thiago Silva clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
18	Heung-Min Son swings in a cross from the free kick.
18	The referee signals a free kick as Marcos Alonso from Chelsea trips Emerson
17	Eric Dier from Tottenham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
17	Sergio Reguilon puts in a cross...
17	Marcos Alonso relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham swings in the corner from the right.
16	Thiago Silva clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
16	Heung-Min Son puts in a cross...
16	Ball possession: Tottenham: 52%, Chelsea: 48%.
16	The referee signals a free kick as Jorginho from Chelsea trips Harry Kane
15	Eric Dier relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Great defending by Emerson from Tottenham to prevent his team conceding a goal.
15	Mason Mount has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
15	Some neat football here as Mason Mount from Chelsea plays a 1-2 with Romelu Lukaku.
15	Mason Mount from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
15	Chelsea start a counter attack.
15	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Giovani Lo Celso puts in a cross...
14	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
13	The match resumes with a drop ball.
12	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
12	Tottenham take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Tottenham plays a short goal kick.
12	Kai Havertz goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
11	Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea heads the ball to a team mate.
11	Antonio Ruediger puts in a cross...
11	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
11	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
10	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	The referee signals a free kick as Harry Kane from Tottenham trips Marcos Alonso
10	Ball possession: Tottenham: 67%, Chelsea: 33%.
10	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	A chance opens up as Pierre-Emile Hoejbjerg from Tottenham successfully finds a team mate in the area...
9	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
8	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
8	Tottenham take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	Romelu Lukaku is penalised for pushing Sergio Reguilon.
7	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
6	A shot by Kai Havertz is blocked.
6	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
6	Ball possession: Tottenham: 67%, Chelsea: 33%.
6	Kai Havertz relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham swings in the corner from the left.
5	Harry Kane takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
4	The referee signals a free kick as Jorginho from Chelsea trips Cristian Romero
4	Marcos Alonso relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Giovani Lo Celso puts in a cross...
3	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham takes a short corner kick from the left.
3	The game is restarted.
3	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
3	Thiago Silva clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
3	Giovani Lo Celso from Tottenham tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
3	Emerson puts in a cross...
2	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Heung-Min Son from Tottenham directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
2	Sergio Reguilon from Tottenham tries to play a 1-2 with Giovani Lo Celso, but the ball is intercepted.
2	A shot by Heung-Min Son is blocked.
2	Tottenham is in control of the ball.
1	Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea is ruled offside.
1	Could be a good chance here as Kai Havertz from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
1	Antonio Ruediger sends a long ball upfield.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Chelsea kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Before we get underway, the players and crowd observe a minute's silence.Welcome to Tottenham Hotspur Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Liverpool with a deserved victory after a fine display
94	Today's attendance is 52000.
94	Ball possession: Liverpool: 61%, Crystal Palace: 39%.
93	Divock Origi relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	Jairo Riedewald puts in a cross...
93	Ibrahima Konate relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
92	A shot by Jordan Ayew is blocked.
92	Ibrahima Konate relieves the pressure with a clearance
92	Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
91	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool is ruled offside.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
90	Ball possession: Liverpool: 63%, Crystal Palace: 37%.
89	GOOOOOAAL! - Naby Keita reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the left!
89	Vicente Guaita relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
89	Curtis Jones sees his shot deflected off target
89	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
88	James Milner from Liverpool takes a short corner kick from the right.
88	Jordan Henderson is leaving the field to be replaced by Divock Origi in a tactical substitution.
87	James Milner from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
87	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Goal kick for Liverpool.
86	Fabinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Wilfried Zaha puts in a cross...
85	Ball possession: Liverpool: 64%, Crystal Palace: 36%.
85	The referee signals a free kick as James Milner from Liverpool trips Conor Gallagher
84	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
83	The referee is not having the complaints from Joel Ward who is given a yellow card for dissent
83	Dangerous challenge by Joel Ward from Crystal Palace. Konstantinos Tsimikas on the receiving end of that.
82	Goal kick for Liverpool.
82	Cheikhou Kouyate is leaving the field to be replaced by Michael Olise in a tactical substitution.
82	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace sends an effort wide of target
81	Konstantinos Tsimikas relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
81	Odsonne Edouard forces a good save from Alisson Becker who turns the ball behind for a corner!
81	Crystal Palace is having a good opportunity to score.
80	Ball possession: Liverpool: 64%, Crystal Palace: 36%.
80	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
79	After removing his shirt, the referee is forced to show Mohamed Salah a yellow card.
78	Virgil van Dijk provided the assist for the goal.
78	GOOOOOAAL! - Mohamed Salah scores with the left foot!
78	Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool heads the ball to a team mate.
78	Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
78	Poor play by Odsonne Edouard as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
78	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
77	The referee signals a free kick as Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace trips James Milner
77	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
76	Diogo Jota is leaving the field to be replaced by Curtis Jones in a tactical substitution.
76	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
76	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
75	Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool is booked after several commited fouls.
75	The ref blows his whistle. Konstantinos Tsimikas charged Conor Gallagher from behind and it's a free-kick
75	Ball possession: Liverpool: 64%, Crystal Palace: 36%.
74	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Marc Guehi
73	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
72	Alisson Becker relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
72	Joel Ward puts in a cross...
72	Goal kick for Liverpool.
72	Jordan Ayew goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
72	Could be a good chance here as Odsonne Edouard from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
72	Fabinho could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
71	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
71	A shot by Odsonne Edouard is blocked.
70	Dangerous challenge by Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool. Jordan Ayew on the receiving end of that.
70	Ball possession: Liverpool: 68%, Crystal Palace: 32%.
69	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
69	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	James Milner puts in a cross...
69	Liverpool is having a good opportunity to score.
69	Sadio Mane puts in a cross...
69	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Tyrick Mitchell relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Mohamed Salah releases a shot, it's parried by Vicente Guaita but he can't hold onto it...
68	Naby Keita tests Vicente Guaita with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
68	Tyrick Mitchell could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
68	The referee signals a free kick as Naby Keita from Liverpool trips Joel Ward
68	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
66	Jairo Riedewald from Crystal Palace tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
66	Conor Gallagher of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
66	Marc Guehi of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
66	James Milner relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Joel Ward puts in a cross...
66	The referee signals a free kick as Ibrahima Konate from Liverpool trips Wilfried Zaha
66	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Ball possession: Liverpool: 66%, Crystal Palace: 34%.
65	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
65	James McArthur is leaving the field to be replaced by Jairo Riedewald in a tactical substitution.
65	Christian Benteke is leaving the field to be replaced by Odsonne Edouard in a tactical substitution.
65	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
64	A chance presents itself to Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool but his header goes wide
64	Konstantinos Tsimikas swings in a cross from the free kick.
64	The referee signals a free kick as Joel Ward from Crystal Palace trips Sadio Mane
63	Joachim Andersen from Crystal Palace is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
63	Conor Gallagher hand-balls.
62	Jordan Ayew takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
62	Thiago Alcantara is injured and is replaced by Naby Keita.
61	The referee signals a free kick as Diogo Jota from Liverpool trips Conor Gallagher
61	Christian Benteke of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
61	Crystal Palace is trying to create something here.
60	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
60	Ball possession: Liverpool: 67%, Crystal Palace: 33%.
60	It doesn't look good here as Thiago Alcantara is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
59	A shot by Mohamed Salah is blocked.
59	A shot by Fabinho is blocked.
58	James McArthur from Crystal Palace goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jordan Henderson
58	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Marc Guehi relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	James Milner from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
56	Tyrick Mitchell clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
56	Konstantinos Tsimikas puts in a cross...
56	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
56	Safe hands from Vicente Guaita as he comes out and claims the ball
55	A shot by Thiago Alcantara is blocked.
55	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
55	Jordan Ayew puts in a cross...
55	Ball possession: Liverpool: 68%, Crystal Palace: 32%.
54	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Alisson Becker from Liverpool fails to clear the ball properly and gives away a throw-in to the opponent team.
54	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	Ibrahima Konate relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
53	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
52	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
52	Wilfried Zaha of Crystal Palace passes the ball to a team mate.
51	Dangerous challenge by James Milner from Liverpool. Wilfried Zaha on the receiving end of that.
51	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
51	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
51	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace is ruled offside.
50	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool tries to play a 1-2 with Sadio Mane, but the ball is intercepted.
50	Ball possession: Liverpool: 71%, Crystal Palace: 29%.
50	The referee signals a free kick as Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace trips Diogo Jota
49	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Tyrick Mitchell hand-balls.
47	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
47	Jordan Henderson fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
47	Joachim Andersen relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
47	Mohamed Salah shoots from outside the box, but Vicente Guaita has it under control
46	Diogo Jota from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
47	Liverpool has been the better team in this half
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Liverpool: 71%, Crystal Palace: 29%.
47	Joel Ward shoots from outside the box, but Alisson Becker has it under control
47	James Milner relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Thiago Alcantara from Liverpool trips Jordan Ayew
46	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
45	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Ball possession: Liverpool: 72%, Crystal Palace: 28%.
45	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
44	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
43	GOOOOOAAL! - Sadio Mane reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
43	A header from Mohamed Salah is blocked by the keeper and bounces back into play!
43	Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
42	Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
42	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace is ruled offside.
41	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Jordan Henderson pulls a player from the opposite team by the shirt and is booked.
40	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Wilfried Zaha
40	Ball possession: Liverpool: 71%, Crystal Palace: 29%.
40	Safe hands from Vicente Guaita as he comes out and claims the ball
40	Diogo Jota from Liverpool sends a deflected cross into the box.
39	The home team are really starting to put pressure the opposition now.
39	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
39	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
38	How did he miss that? Diogo Jota has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
38	So nearly a goal there! Thiago Alcantara's header looked destined for the back of the net but Vicente Guaita saves it!
38	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
38	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
37	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
37	The referee signals a free kick as James Milner from Liverpool trips James McArthur
37	Thiago Alcantara from Liverpool tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
37	Joachim Andersen relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	James Milner swings in a cross from the free kick.
35	The referee signals a free kick as Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace trips Mohamed Salah
35	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
35	Ball possession: Liverpool: 70%, Crystal Palace: 30%.
35	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
34	James Milner from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
34	Sadio Mane sees his shot deflected off target
34	Poor play by Christian Benteke as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
34	James Milner puts in a cross...
34	Christian Benteke relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
33	Diogo Jota sees his shot deflected off target
33	Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
33	James Milner from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
33	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
33	A shot by Fabinho is blocked.
33	A shot by James Milner is blocked.
32	Great skill from James Milner as he dribbles past his opponents
32	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
31	Good effort by Mohamed Salah as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
31	Konstantinos Tsimikas puts in a cross...
31	Tyrick Mitchell relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	A shot by Konstantinos Tsimikas is blocked.
31	A shot by Thiago Alcantara is blocked.
31	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
31	Konstantinos Tsimikas puts in a cross...
31	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
30	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace is ruled offside.
30	Ball possession: Liverpool: 66%, Crystal Palace: 34%.
30	The referee signals a free kick as Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool trips James McArthur
29	Oh no. From a promising position Diogo Jota from Liverpool miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
29	James Milner from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
29	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
28	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Crystal Palace is in control of the ball.
27	A shot by James McArthur is blocked.
27	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace heads the ball to a team mate.
27	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
26	Christian Benteke sees his shot deflected off target
26	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
26	Could be a good chance here as Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
26	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	Safe hands from Vicente Guaita as he comes out and claims the ball
26	James Milner puts in a cross...
25	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Ball possession: Liverpool: 69%, Crystal Palace: 31%.
24	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace crosses the ball, but it goes out for a throw-in.
24	Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
24	Christian Benteke relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	James Milner swings in a cross from the free kick.
23	Christian Benteke is penalised for pushing James Milner.
23	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
21	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
21	A chance presents itself to Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace but his header goes wide
20	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
20	Ball possession: Liverpool: 72%, Crystal Palace: 28%.
20	Jordan Ayew from Crystal Palace tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
20	Alisson Becker relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Joel Ward puts in a cross...
20	Great vision by Ibrahima Konate from Liverpool as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
20	Could be a good chance here as Tyrick Mitchell from Crystal Palace cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
19	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	Joachim Andersen from Crystal Palace is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
18	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Ibrahima Konate relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	James McArthur puts in a cross...
18	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Liverpool are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
17	What a game. It's an intense and good playing game from both sides.
17	The referee signals a free kick as Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool trips Wilfried Zaha
17	Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
17	Joachim Andersen relieves the pressure with a clearance
16	James Milner from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
16	Jordan Henderson volleys a shot on target, but Vicente Guaita is on hand to save it
16	Sadio Mane puts in a cross...
16	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Marc Guehi relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Sadio Mane puts in a cross...
15	Crystal Palace plays a short goal kick.
15	Ball possession: Liverpool: 74%, Crystal Palace: 26%.
14	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
14	Marc Guehi relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Thiago Alcantara puts in a cross...
13	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
11	Dangerous challenge by Thiago Alcantara from Liverpool. Jordan Ayew on the receiving end of that.
11	A chance opens up as Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool successfully finds a team mate in the area...
11	Sadio Mane of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
10	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
10	Ball possession: Liverpool: 61%, Crystal Palace: 39%.
10	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
9	Diogo Jota goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
9	Poor play by Joachim Andersen as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
9	Konstantinos Tsimikas puts in a cross...
9	Joel Ward relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Fabinho puts in a cross...
8	James Milner from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
8	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
8	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Ball possession: Liverpool: 53%, Crystal Palace: 47%.
6	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	The referee signals a free kick as James McArthur from Crystal Palace trips James Milner
5	James Milner relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
5	The referee signals a free kick as Konstantinos Tsimikas from Liverpool trips Jordan Ayew
4	Goal kick for Crystal Palace.
4	A chance presents itself to Diogo Jota from Liverpool but his header goes wide
4	James Milner puts in a cross...
3	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
3	Wilfried Zaha from Crystal Palace had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
3	POST! A header by Christian Benteke hits the post!
3	James McArthur from Crystal Palace makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
3	Conor Gallagher from Crystal Palace swings in the corner from the right.
2	Alisson Becker clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
2	Alisson Becker could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
2	Conor Gallagher puts in a cross...
2	Christian Benteke from Crystal Palace tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
2	Conor Gallagher swings in a cross from the free kick.
1	The referee signals a free kick as James Milner from Liverpool trips Wilfried Zaha
1	Crystal Palace take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Crystal Palace kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Anfield, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
98	Today's attendance is 52698.
98	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
98	Ball possession: Manchester City: 64%, Southampton: 36%.
98	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
98	Manchester City is having a good opportunity to score.
97	Romain Perraud relieves the pressure with a clearance
97	A player from Manchester City takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
96	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
96	Jan Bednarek relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
96	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
96	Kevin De Bruyne puts in a cross...
95	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
95	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton takes a short corner kick from the right.
94	Jack Grealish clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
94	The game is restarted.
94	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
94	Nathan Ake is penalised for pushing Armando Broja.
93	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
91	Ball possession: Manchester City: 64%, Southampton: 36%.
91	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
91	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City is ruled offside.
91	A header from Phil Foden is blocked by the keeper and bounces back into play!
91	Kevin De Bruyne puts in a cross...
90	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
90	A shot by Raheem Sterling is blocked.
90	Great skill from Raheem Sterling as he dribbles past his opponents
90	Manchester City is having a good opportunity to score.
90	Riyad Mahrez from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
89	Kevin De Bruyne sees his shot deflected off target
89	Jan Bednarek relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Kyle Walker from Manchester City sends a deflected cross into the box.
89	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Jack Grealish from Manchester City is ruled offside.
88	Manchester City is having a good opportunity to score.
87	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
87	Manchester City start a counter attack.
87	A shot by Armando Broja is blocked.
87	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Valentino Livramento is leaving the field to be replaced by Romain Perraud in a tactical substitution.
86	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Jan Bednarek relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Riyad Mahrez puts in a cross...
85	The referee signals a free kick as Nathan Redmond from Southampton trips Kyle Walker
85	Ball possession: Manchester City: 63%, Southampton: 37%.
84	Yellow card for Valentino Livramento.
84	Reckless challenge there. Valentino Livramento commits a rough foul on Raheem Sterling
84	Southampton is in control of the ball.
83	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
83	Kevin De Bruyne puts in a cross...
83	A shot by Riyad Mahrez is blocked.
83	Phil Foden from Manchester City tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
82	Riyad Mahrez puts in a cross...
82	Phil Foden from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
82	Oriol Romeu clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
82	Jack Grealish from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
81	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
81	Mohamed Elyounoussi fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
81	Southampton is trying to create something here.
80	Ilkay Gundogan relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
80	Ball possession: Manchester City: 62%, Southampton: 38%.
79	Adam Armstrong sees his shot deflected off target
79	Kyle Walker-Peters of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
78	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
77	Good effort by Adam Armstrong as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
77	Southampton is trying to create something here.
77	Goal kick for Southampton.
76	That's a great ball by Kevin De Bruyne from Manchester City. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
76	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Kyle Walker-Peters puts in a cross...
76	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
75	Goal kick for Manchester City.
75	Ball possession: Manchester City: 62%, Southampton: 38%.
75	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
74	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Mohamed Elyounoussi relieves the pressure with a clearance
74	Kevin De Bruyne swings in a cross from the free kick.
74	The referee signals a free kick as Mohammed Salisu from Southampton trips Riyad Mahrez
73	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
72	The game is restarted.
72	Bernardo Silva is leaving the field to be replaced by Phil Foden in a tactical substitution.
71	Adam Armstrong is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
71	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
70	Armando Broja from Southampton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
70	Southampton is trying to create something here.
70	Ball possession: Manchester City: 62%, Southampton: 38%.
70	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
69	The referee signals a free kick as Nathan Ake from Manchester City trips James Ward-Prowse
68	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
68	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
68	Che Adams is leaving the field to be replaced by Armando Broja in a tactical substitution.
67	Goal kick for Southampton.
67	Gabriel Jesus is leaving the field to be replaced by Riyad Mahrez in a tactical substitution.
67	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
66	Jack Grealish puts in a cross...
66	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: Manchester City: 61%, Southampton: 39%.
65	The game is restarted.
65	Fernandinho is leaving the field to be replaced by Kevin De Bruyne in a tactical substitution.
64	NO CARD! - After reviewing the situation, the referee revokes the awarded card for Kyle Walker from Manchester City.
64	After VAR check, the referee changed the call and decided to revoke the penalty for Southampton!
62	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
62	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
61	The card for Kyle Walker from Manchester City was disallowed via VAR intervention.
61	PENALTY! - Kyle Walker from Manchester City commits a penalty against Adam Armstrong.
61	Southampton is having a good opportunity to score.
61	Adam Armstrong from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
61	Kyle Walker could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
60	Ball possession: Manchester City: 60%, Southampton: 40%.
60	Nathan Ake comes back onto the field.
60	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
59	A shot by Adam Armstrong is blocked.
59	Che Adams from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Goal kick for Manchester City.
59	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Armstrong from Southampton trips Fernandinho
59	The game is restarted.
59	It doesn't look good here as Nathan Ake is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
59	Nathan Ake is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
57	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
57	A chance presents itself to Nathan Ake from Manchester City but his header goes wide
56	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
56	Mohammed Salisu clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
56	Bernardo Silva puts in a cross...
56	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
55	Che Adams hand-balls.
55	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Ball possession: Manchester City: 60%, Southampton: 40%.
55	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
54	Che Adams sends a shot inches wide. Close!
54	Che Adams from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
54	Southampton is trying to create something here.
54	Nathan Redmond from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
54	Southampton is trying to create something here.
53	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
53	Goal kick for Southampton.
53	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
52	Yellow card for Kyle Walker-Peters.
52	Obstruction as Kyle Walker-Peters cuts off the run of Raheem Sterling. A free-kick is awarded.
51	Southampton plays a short goal kick.
51	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
51	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
50	Ball possession: Manchester City: 61%, Southampton: 39%.
50	Southampton is trying to create something here.
49	The referee signals a free kick as Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City trips James Ward-Prowse
48	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
48	Nathan Redmond from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
47	A shot by Nathan Redmond is blocked.
47	Ederson Moraes relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
46	Nathan Ake clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
46	Southampton is trying to create something here.
46	The second half is underway.
48	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Manchester City: 63%, Southampton: 37%.
47	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City is ruled offside.
47	A shot by Joao Cancelo is blocked.
47	A shot by Fernandinho is blocked.
47	Bernardo Silva of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
47	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
46	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
46	Kyle Walker-Peters clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
46	Jack Grealish puts in a cross...
46	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
46	Oriol Romeu relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
45	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Ball possession: Manchester City: 62%, Southampton: 38%.
45	The referee signals a free kick as Valentino Livramento from Southampton trips Ilkay Gundogan
45	Good effort by Mohamed Elyounoussi as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
44	Southampton start a counter attack.
44	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
43	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	Nathan Redmond from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Nathan Redmond from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
43	Southampton start a counter attack.
42	Goal kick for Southampton.
42	A chance presents itself to Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City but his header goes wide
41	Fernandinho puts in a cross...
41	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the right.
41	Kyle Walker-Peters clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
41	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
40	Oriol Romeu relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Jack Grealish from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
40	Jack Grealish from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
40	Ball possession: Manchester City: 58%, Southampton: 42%.
40	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
39	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
39	Nathan Ake relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Adam Armstrong from Southampton had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
38	Valentino Livramento of Southampton passes the ball to a team mate.
38	Valentino Livramento from Southampton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
37	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Southampton is in control of the ball.
37	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	The game is restarted.
37	Jack Stephens is injured and is replaced by Mohammed Salisu.
35	Ball possession: Manchester City: 59%, Southampton: 41%.
35	Jack Stephens is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
34	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
34	The referee signals a free kick as Jack Stephens from Southampton trips Bernardo Silva
33	Goal kick for Southampton.
33	Bernardo Silva goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
32	Jack Stephens hand-balls.
32	A shot by Gabriel Jesus is blocked.
31	Oriol Romeu relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
31	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
31	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City is ruled offside.
30	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
30	Ball possession: Manchester City: 56%, Southampton: 44%.
29	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	That looked a fine chance. Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
28	Manchester City is having a good opportunity to score.
27	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Goal kick for Southampton.
27	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
26	Manchester City is having a good opportunity to score.
26	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
26	Alex McCarthy relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Ilkay Gundogan swings in a cross from the free kick.
25	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Bernardo Silva
25	Ball possession: Manchester City: 55%, Southampton: 45%.
25	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
25	Nathan Ake from Manchester City heads the ball to a team mate.
25	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
24	Kyle Walker-Peters clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
24	Jack Grealish puts in a cross...
24	Safe hands from Alex McCarthy as he comes out and claims the ball
24	Jack Grealish from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
24	Manchester City is having a good opportunity to score.
23	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
23	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
22	Goal kick for Southampton.
22	A chance presents itself to Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City but his header goes wide
21	Kyle Walker puts in a cross...
21	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
20	Southampton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Valentino Livramento from Southampton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
20	Ball possession: Manchester City: 47%, Southampton: 53%.
20	Kyle Walker relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Valentino Livramento puts in a cross...
20	Southampton is trying to create something here.
19	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
19	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
17	Goal kick for Southampton.
17	A chance presents itself to Fernandinho from Manchester City but his header goes wide
17	Jack Grealish from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
16	Jack Grealish from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
16	Jack Grealish from Manchester City takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
15	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
15	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Manchester City: 40%, Southampton: 60%.
15	Jack Stephens is penalised for pushing Jack Grealish.
14	James Ward-Prowse swings in a cross from the free kick.
14	The referee signals a free kick as Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City trips Kyle Walker-Peters
13	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
13	The referee signals a free kick as James Ward-Prowse from Southampton trips Jack Grealish
13	Adam Armstrong from Southampton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
12	Nathan Ake relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	James Ward-Prowse from Southampton swings in the corner from the right.
11	Ruben Dias clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
11	Valentino Livramento from Southampton sends a deflected cross into the box.
11	Ruben Dias is penalised for pushing Che Adams.
10	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Ball possession: Manchester City: 43%, Southampton: 57%.
10	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
9	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	A shot by Adam Armstrong is blocked.
9	Southampton is trying to create something here.
8	Mohamed Elyounoussi from Southampton sends a deflected cross into the box.
8	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Adam Armstrong puts in a cross...
7	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
6	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Jack Stephens relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Gabriel Jesus puts in a cross...
5	Ball possession: Manchester City: 32%, Southampton: 68%.
5	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
4	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
4	Nathan Redmond from Southampton swings in the corner from the left.
3	Nathan Redmond from Southampton sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
3	Southampton is having a good opportunity to score.
3	Great skill from Nathan Redmond as he dribbles past his opponents
3	Southampton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Southampton is trying to create something here.
2	Southampton is in control of the ball.
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Southampton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Etihad Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Today's attendance is 26649.
96	Ismaila Sarr from Watford is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
96	Watford with a deserved victory after a fine display
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Ball possession: Norwich: 47%, Watford: 53%.
95	Yellow card for Brandon Williams.
95	The referee signals a free kick as Brandon Williams from Norwich trips Juraj Kucka
94	Goal kick for Watford.
94	That's a great ball by Christos Tzolis from Norwich. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
94	Norwich is trying to create something here.
93	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
92	Goal kick for Watford.
92	That's a great ball by Todd Cantwell from Norwich. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
92	Watford is in control of the ball.
92	Brandon Williams from Norwich passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
91	Norwich start a counter attack.
91	Ken Sema from Watford takes a short corner kick from the right.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Should have been a goal! Ismaila Sarr gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Tim Krul!
90	Danger! Joshua King from Watford successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
90	Watford is having a good opportunity to score.
90	Ball possession: Norwich: 48%, Watford: 52%.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Juraj Kucka from Watford trips Kenny McLean
89	The referee signals a free kick as Ozan Kabak from Norwich trips Joshua King
88	Watford is in control of the ball.
88	Milot Rashica is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Idah in a tactical substitution.
88	Ken Sema is penalised for pushing Max Aarons.
87	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
87	Great skill from Ken Sema as he dribbles past his opponents
87	Watford is having a good opportunity to score.
87	Watford is in control of the ball.
87	Danny Rose from Watford is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
86	Norwich is in control of the ball.
86	Watford is in control of the ball.
85	Ball possession: Norwich: 47%, Watford: 53%.
85	Norwich is trying to create something here.
85	Watford is in control of the ball.
84	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Norwich is in control of the ball.
84	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
83	Jeremy Ngakia from Watford sends an effort wide of target
83	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Ismaila Sarr from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
83	Ismaila Sarr from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
83	Watford is trying to create something here.
83	Norwich is in control of the ball.
82	Tom Cleverley is leaving the field to be replaced by Oghenekaro Etebo in a tactical substitution.
82	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Watford stands.
81	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
80	GOOOOOAAL! - Ismaila Sarr reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
80	Joshua King releases a shot, it's parried by Tim Krul but he can't hold onto it...
80	Danger! Tom Cleverley from Watford successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
80	Kenny McLean could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
80	Milot Rashica sends a header towards goal, but Ben Foster is there to comfortably save it
80	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
80	Norwich is trying to create something here.
80	Ball possession: Norwich: 46%, Watford: 54%.
79	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
79	Norwich is in control of the ball.
78	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Watford is in control of the ball.
77	Norwich is trying to create something here.
77	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	Brandon Williams puts in a cross...
77	Norwich is in control of the ball.
76	Watford is in control of the ball.
76	Christos Tzolis from Norwich is ruled offside.
76	Milot Rashica releases a shot, it's parried by Ben Foster but he can't hold onto it...
76	A chance opens up as Christos Tzolis from Norwich successfully finds a team mate in the area...
75	Norwich is trying to create something here.
75	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
75	Ball possession: Norwich: 44%, Watford: 56%.
74	Kenny McLean shoots from outside the box, but Ben Foster has it under control
74	Norwich is trying to create something here.
74	The referee signals a free kick as Joshua King from Watford trips Ozan Kabak
73	Emmanuel Dennis is leaving the field to be replaced by Ken Sema in a tactical substitution.
72	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	Norwich is in control of the ball.
71	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
71	Ismaila Sarr from Watford crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
71	Watford is trying to create something here.
70	Mathias Normann is leaving the field to be replaced by Todd Cantwell in a tactical substitution.
70	Joshua Sargent is leaving the field to be replaced by Christos Tzolis in a tactical substitution.
70	Ball possession: Norwich: 43%, Watford: 57%.
70	Joshua King from Watford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ozan Kabak
69	Norwich is in control of the ball.
69	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
69	The referee signals a free kick as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford trips Max Aarons
68	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Goal kick for Watford.
67	How did he miss that? Teemu Pukki has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
67	Billy Gilmour carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
67	Norwich is having a good opportunity to score.
67	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Watford is in control of the ball.
66	Norwich is in control of the ball.
66	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Watford is in control of the ball.
65	Ball possession: Norwich: 44%, Watford: 56%.
65	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Brandon Williams puts in a cross...
64	Norwich is in control of the ball.
63	Joshua King provided the assist for the goal.
63	GOOOOOAAL! - Ismaila Sarr scores with the right foot!
63	Joshua King from Watford picks out a team mate with a great pass.
63	Danger! Jeremy Ngakia from Watford successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
63	Watford is trying to create something here.
63	A shot by Mathias Normann is blocked.
63	Brandon Williams from Norwich tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
63	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
62	Joshua Sargent from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
62	Danger! Max Aarons from Norwich successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
62	Norwich is in control of the ball.
62	Watford is in control of the ball.
61	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	Billy Gilmour relieves the pressure with a clearance
61	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
61	Ozan Kabak clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
61	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
60	Mathias Normann clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
60	Jeremy Ngakia puts in a cross...
60	Ball possession: Norwich: 43%, Watford: 57%.
59	Watford is trying to create something here.
59	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
59	Milot Rashica from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
59	The game is restarted.
59	Kiko is injured and is replaced by Jeremy Ngakia.
58	Kiko is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
58	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
58	William Troost-Ekong clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
57	A chance opens up as Joshua Sargent from Norwich successfully finds a team mate in the area...
57	Norwich is in control of the ball.
57	Dangerous challenge by Danny Rose from Watford. Teemu Pukki on the receiving end of that.
56	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Watford is in control of the ball.
55	Ball possession: Norwich: 45%, Watford: 55%.
55	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Ismaila Sarr from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
54	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Max Aarons relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the left.
54	Ismaila Sarr from Watford sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
53	Watford is trying to create something here.
53	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Watford is in control of the ball.
52	Milot Rashica hand-balls.
51	A chance opens up as Billy Gilmour from Norwich successfully finds a team mate in the area...
51	Norwich is having a good opportunity to score.
51	A shot by Kenny McLean is blocked.
51	Billy Gilmour from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
51	Billy Gilmour from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
50	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	A player from Norwich takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
50	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Joshua Sargent puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Norwich: 42%, Watford: 58%.
49	Max Aarons from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Danny Rose
49	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Norwich is trying to create something here.
48	Goal kick for Watford.
48	Milot Rashica from Norwich crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
48	Norwich is trying to create something here.
48	A shot by Billy Gilmour is blocked.
47	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Watford is in control of the ball.
47	Billy Gilmour from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
47	Norwich is having a good opportunity to score.
46	Norwich is in control of the ball.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Tom Cleverley from Watford trips Mathias Normann
46	The second half is underway.
48	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Norwich: 44%, Watford: 56%.
48	Ozan Kabak relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Kiko puts in a cross...
48	Billy Gilmour relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Moussa Sissoko puts in a cross...
47	The match resumes with a drop ball.
46	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
46	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
46	Should have been a goal! Ismaila Sarr gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Tim Krul!
46	CHANCE! Ismaila Sarr finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
46	Danny Rose carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
46	Watford is trying to create something here.
45	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Goal kick for Watford.
45	Teemu Pukki from Norwich sends an effort wide of target
45	A chance opens up as Joshua Sargent from Norwich successfully finds a team mate in the area...
45	Juraj Kucka could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
45	Ball possession: Norwich: 44%, Watford: 56%.
44	Norwich is in control of the ball.
44	Watford is in control of the ball.
44	Milot Rashica is penalised for pushing Kiko.
43	Poor play by Tim Krul as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
43	Tom Cleverley swings in a cross from the free kick.
43	Billy Gilmour from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Juraj Kucka
42	Watford is in control of the ball.
42	Norwich is in control of the ball.
42	Ismaila Sarr has a great chance to score, but Tim Krul comes out strongly to save!
42	A chance opens up as Kiko from Watford successfully finds a team mate in the area...
41	Watford is in control of the ball.
41	Safe hands from Ben Foster as he comes out and claims the ball
41	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
40	Norwich is trying to create something here.
40	Danny Rose is penalised for pushing Max Aarons.
40	Ball possession: Norwich: 43%, Watford: 57%.
39	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
39	Kiko from Watford sends a deflected cross into the box.
39	Watford is trying to create something here.
39	Dangerous challenge by Joshua Sargent from Norwich. Juraj Kucka on the receiving end of that.
38	Billy Gilmour swings in a cross from the free kick.
37	Yellow card for Craig Cathcart.
37	Craig Cathcart from Watford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joshua Sargent
37	Norwich is in control of the ball.
37	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Watford is in control of the ball.
35	Mathias Normann provided the assist for the goal.
35	GOOOOOAAL! - Teemu Pukki scores with the right foot!
35	CHANCE! Teemu Pukki finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
35	Teemu Pukki from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
35	Mathias Normann carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
35	Norwich is having a good opportunity to score.
35	Ball possession: Norwich: 49%, Watford: 51%.
34	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
34	Norwich is in control of the ball.
34	The referee signals a free kick as Emmanuel Dennis from Watford trips Max Aarons
33	Watford is in control of the ball.
33	Great vision by Brandon Williams from Norwich as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
33	Kiko puts in a cross...
33	A shot by Joshua King is blocked.
33	Kiko puts in a cross...
33	Kiko from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
33	Danger! Ismaila Sarr from Watford successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
32	Watford is trying to create something here.
32	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Watford is in control of the ball.
31	Juraj Kucka from Watford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
31	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Watford is trying to create something here.
30	The ref blows his whistle. Mathias Normann charged Juraj Kucka from behind and it's a free-kick
30	Ball possession: Norwich: 53%, Watford: 47%.
29	The referee signals a free kick as Teemu Pukki from Norwich trips Tom Cleverley
29	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
29	Watford is in control of the ball.
28	The referee signals a free kick as Joshua Sargent from Norwich trips Danny Rose
28	Danny Rose relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	A player from Norwich takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
27	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	A player from Norwich takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
27	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
27	Oh no. From a promising position Joshua Sargent from Norwich miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
27	A chance opens up as Teemu Pukki from Norwich successfully finds a team mate in the area...
26	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
26	Craig Cathcart relieves the pressure with a clearance
26	Milot Rashica from Norwich swings in the corner from the right.
26	Joshua Sargent sees his shot deflected off target
26	Norwich is trying to create something here.
26	Max Aarons comes back onto the field.
25	The match resumes with a drop ball.
25	It doesn't look good here as Max Aarons is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
25	Ball possession: Norwich: 52%, Watford: 48%.
24	Max Aarons is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
24	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
24	Max Aarons relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Ismaila Sarr puts in a cross...
24	Watford is trying to create something here.
24	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
23	William Troost-Ekong relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
23	Norwich is trying to create something here.
23	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Norwich is in control of the ball.
22	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
22	Kiko from Watford crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
21	Watford is trying to create something here.
21	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Norwich is in control of the ball.
20	The referee signals a free kick as Tom Cleverley from Watford trips Max Aarons
20	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
20	Ball possession: Norwich: 55%, Watford: 45%.
20	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	Norwich is in control of the ball.
18	Norwich is trying to create something here.
17	Kiko provided the assist for the goal.
17	GOOOOOAAL! - Emmanuel Dennis from Watford heads the ball home!
17	Kiko from Watford puts in a great cross...
17	Watford is trying to create something here.
17	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
17	Ismaila Sarr from Watford sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
16	Ismaila Sarr from Watford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
16	Watford is having a good opportunity to score.
16	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Watford is in control of the ball.
15	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: Norwich: 43%, Watford: 57%.
15	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Norwich is in control of the ball.
14	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
14	Juraj Kucka from Watford heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
14	Tom Cleverley from Watford crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
14	Watford is trying to create something here.
13	Mathias Normann sends a direct free kick on target, but the keeper saves it.
13	The referee signals a free kick as Juraj Kucka from Watford trips Joshua Sargent
12	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Max Aarons from Norwich makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
11	Norwich is having a good opportunity to score.
11	Norwich is in control of the ball.
10	Watford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Ball possession: Norwich: 46%, Watford: 54%.
10	Goal kick for Watford.
10	Joshua Sargent from Norwich had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
10	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
9	Norwich is trying to create something here.
9	Good effort by Emmanuel Dennis as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
9	Watford is trying to create something here.
8	Norwich is in control of the ball.
8	Billy Gilmour from Norwich crosses a free kick, but his teammate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
7	The referee signals a free kick as Danny Rose from Watford trips Teemu Pukki
7	Norwich is trying to create something here.
6	Danny Rose is penalised for pushing Joshua Sargent.
6	Teemu Pukki from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
6	Norwich is in control of the ball.
5	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Watford is trying to create something here.
5	Ball possession: Norwich: 24%, Watford: 76%.
4	Watford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
4	Tim Krul relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the left.
4	Ozan Kabak clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
4	Great skill from Emmanuel Dennis as he dribbles past his opponents
3	Watford is in control of the ball.
3	Milot Rashica from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
3	Norwich is trying to create something here.
3	Danny Rose from Watford directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
3	Watford is in control of the ball.
2	Craig Cathcart from Watford heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
2	Tom Cleverley from Watford swings in the corner from the right.
1	Grant Hanley clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
1	Ismaila Sarr puts in a cross...
1	Watford is trying to create something here.
1	Watford is in control of the ball.
1	Joshua Sargent puts in a cross...
1	Norwich is trying to create something here.
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Norwich kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Carrow Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
97	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
97	Brentford with a deserved victory after a fine display
97	Today's attendance is 30000.
97	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 62%, Brentford: 38%.
96	Yellow card for Conor Coady.
96	Conor Coady from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ivan Toney
96	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Adama Traore puts in a cross...
96	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
95	Ruben Neves puts in a cross...
95	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
95	Mads Roerslev relieves the pressure with a clearance
95	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the right.
95	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 62%, Brentford: 38%.
94	Goal kick for Brentford.
94	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
93	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	Dangerous challenge by Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers. Bryan Mbeumo on the receiving end of that.
92	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
91	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford sends an effort wide of target
91	A shot by Frank Onyeka is blocked.
91	Goal kick for Brentford.
91	The fourth official shows there are 6 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	A lob by Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes wide.
90	Great skill from Daniel Podence as he dribbles past his opponents
90	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the right.
90	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
90	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 62%, Brentford: 38%.
90	Vitaly Janelt is penalised for pushing Ruben Neves.
90	CROSSBAR! Bryan Mbeumo misses a clear chance as his shot hits the crossbar! That was a sitter!
90	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
90	Brentford start a counter attack.
89	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
88	Mathias Joergensen relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Trincao puts in a cross...
88	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	The game is restarted.
88	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
88	Goal kick for Brentford.
87	What a miss! Raul Jimenez has a great opportunity to score, but sends his header wide of goal!
87	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers puts in a great cross...
86	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
86	Ivan Toney from Brentford is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
86	A lob by Ivan Toney from Brentford goes wide.
86	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
85	Goal kick for Brentford.
85	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 62%, Brentford: 38%.
85	Trincao goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
84	The referee signals a free kick as Vitaly Janelt from Brentford trips Daniel Podence
83	The game is restarted.
83	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
83	Raul Jimenez is penalised for pushing Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer.
82	Goal kick for Brentford.
82	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
82	Nelson Semedo is leaving the field to be replaced by Fabio Silva in a tactical substitution.
82	The captain is forced to give away his armband, because he is leaving the field.
82	Pontus Jansson is injured and is replaced by Mathias Joergensen.
81	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
81	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	The game is restarted.
81	It doesn't look good here as Pontus Jansson is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
80	The referee is not having the complaints from Thomas Frank who is given a yellow card for dissent
80	Pontus Jansson is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
80	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 61%, Brentford: 39%.
79	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
79	Christian Noergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
79	Raul Jimenez puts in a cross...
79	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
79	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
79	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
78	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
78	Trincao puts in a cross...
78	The match resumes with a drop ball.
76	Conor Coady is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
76	Bryan Mbeumo is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
76	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
76	Conor Coady relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
75	Rico Henry is leaving the field to be replaced by Mads Roerslev in a tactical substitution.
75	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 61%, Brentford: 39%.
74	The referee is not having the complaints from Pontus Jansson who is given a yellow card for dissent
74	Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers is ruled offside.
74	Daniel Podence from Wolverhampton Wanderers chips the ball into the penalty box.
74	Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes a short corner kick from the left.
74	Pontus Jansson clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
74	A chance opens up as Trincao from Wolverhampton Wanderers successfully finds a team mate in the area...
73	Christian Noergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
72	Fernando Marcal is leaving the field to be replaced by Daniel Podence in a tactical substitution.
72	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Ruben Neves puts in a cross...
71	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	The ref blows his whistle. Conor Coady charged Ivan Toney from behind and it's a free-kick
70	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Fernando Marcal puts in a cross...
70	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
70	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 59%, Brentford: 41%.
69	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Bryan Mbeumo
69	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
69	Fernando Marcal puts in a cross...
69	Pontus Jansson comes back onto the field.
68	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
68	Hee-Chan Hwang has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
68	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes a great pass and space opens up...
68	Joao Moutinho puts in a cross...
68	The match resumes with a drop ball.
68	It doesn't look good here as Pontus Jansson is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
68	Sergi Canos is leaving the field to be replaced by Frank Onyeka in a tactical substitution.
66	Pontus Jansson is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
66	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
66	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
66	Hee-Chan Hwang of Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball to a team mate.
65	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
65	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 60%, Brentford: 40%.
64	SENT OFF! - After a tactical foul, Shandon Baptiste gets his second yellow card.
64	Shandon Baptiste from Brentford goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Trincao
64	Ruben Neves relieves the pressure with a clearance
64	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
63	Brentford is in control of the ball.
63	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
62	Shandon Baptiste relieves the pressure with a clearance
62	Fernando Marcal puts in a cross...
62	Adama Traore puts in a cross...
62	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
60	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 60%, Brentford: 40%.
59	Yellow card for Shandon Baptiste.
59	Dangerous challenge by Shandon Baptiste from Brentford. Fernando Marcal on the receiving end of that.
59	Ruben Neves relieves the pressure with a clearance
59	Sergi Canos swings in a cross from the free kick.
58	After a tactical foul, Ruben Neves sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
58	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Shandon Baptiste
58	Brentford start a counter attack.
57	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	The match is very one-sided right now. Wolverhampton Wanderers are clearly dominating possession
57	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
56	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
56	Hee-Chan Hwang from Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
56	Great skill from Hee-Chan Hwang as he dribbles past his opponents
56	Could be a good chance here as Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
55	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
55	Danger! Sergi Canos from Brentford successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
55	Ivan Toney from Brentford directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
55	Brentford start a counter attack.
55	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 59%, Brentford: 41%.
54	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Brentford is in control of the ball.
53	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
53	The game is restarted.
53	The play is stopped because of some technical problems.
52	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers is ruled offside.
52	Dangerous challenge by Ivan Toney from Brentford. Ruben Neves on the receiving end of that.
51	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
51	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
50	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
50	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers sends a deflected cross into the box.
50	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer relieves the pressure with a clearance
50	Adama Traore puts in a cross...
50	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 57%, Brentford: 43%.
50	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
49	Ivan Toney from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
49	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer comes back onto the field.
49	The match resumes with a drop ball.
48	It doesn't look good here as Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
48	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
47	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
47	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
47	Joao Moutinho swings in a cross from the free kick.
46	Yellow card for Rico Henry.
46	Obstruction as Rico Henry cuts off the run of Hee-Chan Hwang. A free-kick is awarded.
46	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
46	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford sends an effort wide of target
46	Ruben Neves could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
46	Romain Saiss is leaving the field to be replaced by Hee-Chan Hwang in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
49	It was a glorious performance by Brentford, and their fans have something to cheer about during the HalfTime.
49	It's over! The referee blows for half time
49	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 57%, Brentford: 43%.
48	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
47	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
46	Brentford is in control of the ball.
46	Goal kick for Brentford.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
45	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 56%, Brentford: 44%.
44	Dangerous challenge by Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers. Bryan Mbeumo on the receiving end of that.
43	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
42	Goal kick for Wolverhampton Wanderers.
42	Sergi Canos from Brentford crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
42	Brentford is in control of the ball.
41	Ivan Toney from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
41	Brentford start a counter attack.
41	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	Ruben Neves puts in a cross...
41	Ruben Neves from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
40	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
40	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 53%, Brentford: 47%.
39	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
39	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford is ruled offside.
38	Romain Saiss commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
38	The referee signals a free kick as Romain Saiss from Wolverhampton Wanderers trips Ivan Toney
37	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
37	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
37	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
36	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
35	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 48%, Brentford: 52%.
34	Ivan Toney provided the assist for the goal.
34	GOOOOOAAL! - Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford taps the ball in with the left! An easy finish for Bryan Mbeumo
34	Ivan Toney from Brentford makes a great pass and space opens up...
34	Ivan Toney from Brentford takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
34	Danger averted there as Ethan Pinnock from Brentford clears the danger with a good tackle
34	Great skill from Trincao as he dribbles past his opponents
33	A shot by Nelson Semedo is blocked.
33	Raul Jimenez of Wolverhampton Wanderers passes the ball to a team mate.
33	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
33	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
32	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
32	CROSSBAR! A great shot from distance by Adama Traore strikes the crossbar!
32	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
31	VAR CHECK OVER - No further actions have been taken after the VAR check.
30	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 48%, Brentford: 52%.
30	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
30	Ivan Toney hand-balls.
30	Bryan Mbeumo of Brentford passes the ball to a team mate.
30	Could be a good chance here as Christian Noergaard from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
29	Jose Sa saved a certain goal there! Vitaly Janelt found himself in a great scoring position but Jose Sa denied him with a great save
29	Could be a good chance here as Sergi Canos from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
29	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
28	PENGOOOOOAAL! - Ivan Toney from Brentford puts it away from the penalty spot with the right foot! Jose Sa chose the wrong side.
27	The referee shows Jose Sa the yellow card for unsportsmanlike conduct.
26	PENALTY! - Fernando Marcal pulls Ivan Toney by the shirt and the referee awards a spot kick!
26	Sergi Canos from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
25	Ruben Neves clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
25	Sergi Canos from Brentford swings in the corner from the left.
25	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 58%, Brentford: 42%.
24	Nelson Semedo clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
24	Christian Noergaard puts in a cross...
24	Brentford is trying to create something here.
23	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
23	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
22	Sergi Canos from Brentford crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
22	Conor Coady could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
21	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
21	That's a great ball by Vitaly Janelt from Brentford. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
21	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
20	Brentford is trying to create something here.
20	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 58%, Brentford: 42%.
19	Brentford is in control of the ball.
19	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Both sides are struggling to open up the opponent's defense
17	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
17	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
17	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
17	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
17	Brentford is in control of the ball.
16	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 57%, Brentford: 43%.
15	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
14	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
14	Fernando Marcal fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
14	Sergi Canos relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Joao Moutinho from Wolverhampton Wanderers swings in the corner from the left.
13	Adama Traore from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
13	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
12	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Wolverhampton Wanderers plays a short goal kick.
12	A chance presents itself to Ivan Toney from Brentford but his header goes wide
12	Christian Noergaard puts in a cross...
11	Danger averted there as Ethan Pinnock from Brentford clears the danger with a good tackle
11	Wolverhampton Wanderers start a counter attack.
11	Romain Saiss relieves the pressure with a clearance
11	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
10	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
10	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to pass the ball to a teammate, but its nowehere near the intended target.
10	Raul Jimenez from Wolverhampton Wanderers takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
10	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 59%, Brentford: 41%.
9	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford is ruled offside.
9	Could be a good chance here as Sergi Canos from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
8	Brentford is in control of the ball.
8	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
8	Joao Moutinho puts in a cross...
8	Wolverhampton Wanderers is trying to create something here.
7	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Fernando Marcal puts in a cross...
6	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
5	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
5	Fernando Marcal from Wolverhampton Wanderers tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
5	Ball possession: Wolverhampton Wanderers: 67%, Brentford: 33%.
5	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
4	Wolverhampton Wanderers is in control of the ball.
3	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Safe hands from Jose Sa as he comes out and claims the ball
3	Sergi Canos swings in a cross from the free kick.
2	Obstruction as Romain Saiss cuts off the run of Sergi Canos. A free-kick is awarded.
1	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Wolverhampton Wanderers take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	It's a nice warm day for playing football.
1	Brentford kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Molineux Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 37%, Leeds: 63%.
95	Crysencio Summerville from Leeds sends an effort wide of target
95	Junior Firpo from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
95	Danger! Mateusz Klich from Leeds successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
95	Leeds is having a good opportunity to score.
94	The referee signals a free kick as Sean Longstaff from Newcastle United trips Jamie Shackleton
93	Jacob Murphy from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
93	Matt Ritchie relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	Rodrigo puts in a cross...
93	Leeds is trying to create something here.
92	Leeds is trying to create something here.
91	Newcastle United plays a short goal kick.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Joelinton is leaving the field to be replaced by Jacob Murphy in a tactical substitution.
90	The referee signals a free kick as Liam Cooper from Leeds trips Ryan Fraser
90	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 38%, Leeds: 62%.
90	The game is restarted.
89	Luke Ayling is injured and is replaced by Jamie Shackleton.
89	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
89	Mateusz Klich shoots from outside the box, but Karl Darlow has it under control
88	Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
88	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
88	Stuart Dallas clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
87	Leeds is in control of the ball.
87	Luke Ayling comes back onto the field.
86	It doesn't look good here as Luke Ayling is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
85	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 38%, Leeds: 62%.
85	Luke Ayling is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
84	Allan Saint-Maximin is penalised for pushing Liam Cooper.
84	Allan Saint-Maximin has a great chance to score, but Illan Meslier comes out strongly to save!
84	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
84	Luke Ayling could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
83	A shot by Rodrigo is blocked.
83	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	Isaac Hayden relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Tyler Roberts puts in a cross...
82	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
82	A chance presents itself to Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United but his header goes wide
82	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
82	Kalvin Phillips relieves the pressure with a clearance
82	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
82	Ciaran Clark from Newcastle United sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
81	Javier Manquillo is leaving the field to be replaced by Emil Krafth in a tactical substitution.
80	Yellow card for Junior Firpo.
80	The referee signals a free kick as Junior Firpo from Leeds trips Joseph Willock
80	Patrick Bamford comes back onto the field.
80	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 37%, Leeds: 63%.
80	The match resumes with a drop ball.
80	It doesn't look good here as Patrick Bamford is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
79	Javier Manquillo is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
78	Patrick Bamford is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
78	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
78	Joelinton from Newcastle United passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
78	Allan Saint-Maximin puts in a cross...
78	A shot by Mateusz Klich is blocked.
77	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
77	Good effort by Rodrigo as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
76	Dangerous challenge by Isaac Hayden from Newcastle United. Rodrigo on the receiving end of that.
76	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 37%, Leeds: 63%.
76	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
76	Kalvin Phillips from Leeds crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
76	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Junior Firpo puts in a cross...
75	The referee signals a free kick as Joelinton from Newcastle United trips Mateusz Klich
75	Crysencio Summerville from Leeds makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
75	Poor play by Javier Manquillo as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
74	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
74	Good effort by Allan Saint-Maximin as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
74	A shot by Ryan Fraser is blocked.
74	A chance opens up as Joseph Willock from Newcastle United successfully finds a team mate in the area...
73	Newcastle United plays a short goal kick.
73	Patrick Bamford from Leeds fails to connect properly on the volley and sends the ball wide of target
73	Rodrigo from Leeds sends a deflected cross into the box.
73	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Leeds is trying to create something here.
72	Patrick Bamford has a great chance to score, but Karl Darlow comes out strongly to save!
72	Danger! Rodrigo from Leeds successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
72	Leeds start a counter attack.
72	Danger averted there as Liam Cooper from Leeds clears the danger with a good tackle
71	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
71	Safe hands from Karl Darlow as he comes out and claims the ball
71	Tyler Roberts puts in a cross...
71	Luke Ayling relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Luke Ayling could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
70	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
70	Sean Longstaff goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
70	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 37%, Leeds: 63%.
70	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
69	Leeds is in control of the ball.
68	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
68	Tyler Roberts from Leeds crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
68	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
67	Raphinha is leaving the field to be replaced by Crysencio Summerville in a tactical substitution.
67	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
66	Sean Longstaff fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
66	Today's attendance is 50407.
66	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
65	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 36%, Leeds: 64%.
65	Dangerous challenge by Sean Longstaff from Newcastle United. Junior Firpo on the receiving end of that.
64	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
64	Could be a good chance here as Tyler Roberts from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
63	Stuart Dallas from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
63	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Sean Longstaff relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
63	Tyler Roberts from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but its intercepted by an opponent player.
63	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	Joelinton is penalised for pushing Liam Cooper.
62	Goal kick for Leeds.
62	Miguel Almiron is leaving the field to be replaced by Ryan Fraser in a tactical substitution.
61	Daniel James is leaving the field to be replaced by Tyler Roberts in a tactical substitution.
61	Good effort by Mateusz Klich as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
61	A chance opens up as Junior Firpo from Leeds successfully finds a team mate in the area...
61	Junior Firpo from Leeds plays a cheeky 1-2 with Rodrigo.
60	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 36%, Leeds: 64%.
59	Jamaal Lascelles sends a header towards goal, but Illan Meslier is there to comfortably save it
59	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
59	Should have been a goal! Allan Saint-Maximin gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Illan Meslier!
59	A shot by Allan Saint-Maximin is blocked.
58	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
58	Matt Ritchie swings in a cross from the free kick.
57	Yellow card for Rodrigo.
57	Rodrigo from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Isaac Hayden
57	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
55	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 35%, Leeds: 65%.
55	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
55	Joelinton fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
54	Great skill from Allan Saint-Maximin as he dribbles past his opponents
54	Karl Darlow relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Poor play by Jamaal Lascelles as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
54	Daniel James puts in a cross...
54	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
54	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Karl Darlow could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
53	Joelinton is penalised for pushing Stuart Dallas.
53	The referee signals a free kick as Junior Firpo from Leeds trips Miguel Almiron
52	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
52	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
51	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 35%, Leeds: 65%.
50	How did he miss that? Daniel James has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
50	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
50	The referee signals a free kick as Isaac Hayden from Newcastle United trips Patrick Bamford
49	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
49	Mateusz Klich from Leeds is ruled offside.
48	Raphinha from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
48	Leeds is in control of the ball.
47	The match resumes with a drop ball.
47	The play is stopped for a brief moment, as the ball was touched by the referee.
46	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Leeds is trying to create something here.
46	The second half is underway.
50	It's over! The referee blows for half time
50	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 35%, Leeds: 65%.
49	Junior Firpo goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
49	A shot by Daniel James is blocked.
49	Raphinha from Leeds successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
49	Raphinha has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
49	Junior Firpo puts in a cross...
49	Junior Firpo from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
49	Leeds start a counter attack.
49	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
49	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
48	Leeds is in control of the ball.
47	The referee signals a free kick as Raphinha from Leeds trips Matt Ritchie
47	Safe hands from Karl Darlow as he comes out and claims the ball
47	Mateusz Klich puts in a cross...
47	Raphinha from Leeds sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
46	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Raphinha from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
45	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 35%, Leeds: 65%.
44	Joelinton provided the assist for the goal.
44	GOOOOOAAL! - Allan Saint-Maximin scores with the right foot!
44	Great skill from Allan Saint-Maximin as he dribbles past his opponents
44	A chance opens up as Joelinton from Newcastle United successfully finds a team mate in the area...
43	Sean Longstaff shoots from outside the box, but Illan Meslier has it under control
43	A chance opens up as Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United successfully finds a team mate in the area...
43	Joseph Willock puts in a cross...
43	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Allan Saint-Maximin puts in a cross...
43	Javier Manquillo relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	Raphinha puts in a cross...
42	Leeds is in control of the ball.
42	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
41	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 37%, Leeds: 63%.
40	Safe hands from Karl Darlow as he comes out and claims the ball
40	Kalvin Phillips puts in a cross...
40	Ciaran Clark relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Raphinha puts in a cross...
39	Daniel James puts in a cross...
39	Could be a good chance here as Rodrigo from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
39	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
39	Miguel Almiron is booked for diving.
39	Joseph Willock clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
38	Poor play by Javier Manquillo as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
38	Stuart Dallas puts in a cross...
38	Ciaran Clark relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
38	Daniel James from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
38	Poor play by Jamaal Lascelles as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
38	Mateusz Klich puts in a cross...
37	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
36	Rodrigo from Leeds sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
36	Raphinha puts in a cross...
36	Leeds start a counter attack.
36	Jamaal Lascelles from Newcastle United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
36	Ciaran Clark from Newcastle United successfully heads the ball to a team mate.
36	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United swings in the corner from the left.
35	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 34%, Leeds: 66%.
35	POST! So nearly a goal by Matt Ritchie but his finish hits the post!
35	Good effort by Mateusz Klich as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
34	A chance opens up as Raphinha from Leeds successfully finds a team mate in the area...
34	Rodrigo sends a long ball upfield.
34	Ciaran Clark from Newcastle United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
33	The referee signals a free kick as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds trips Allan Saint-Maximin
32	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
32	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
32	Joseph Willock fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
31	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
31	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
30	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 31%, Leeds: 69%.
30	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
30	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
29	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
29	Kalvin Phillips sends a shot inches wide. Close!
29	A chance opens up as Rodrigo from Leeds successfully finds a team mate in the area...
29	Danger! Patrick Bamford from Leeds successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
28	Leeds is in control of the ball.
27	Newcastle United is in control of the ball.
27	The referee signals a free kick as Daniel James from Leeds trips Javier Manquillo
26	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
26	Goal kick for Newcastle United.
26	Rodrigo fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
26	A chance opens up as Daniel James from Leeds successfully finds a team mate in the area...
25	Danger! Patrick Bamford from Leeds successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
25	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 30%, Leeds: 70%.
24	Illan Meslier saved a certain goal there! Joelinton found himself in a great scoring position but Illan Meslier denied him with a great save
24	Oh no. From a promising position Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United miskicks completely. Opportunity wasted.
24	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
24	Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
23	Newcastle United is trying to create something here.
23	That's a great ball by Allan Saint-Maximin from Newcastle United. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
22	The referee signals a free kick as Junior Firpo from Leeds trips Miguel Almiron
22	Jamaal Lascelles relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Raphinha puts in a cross...
22	Goal kick for Leeds.
21	Karl Darlow is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
21	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
21	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 29%, Leeds: 71%.
21	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United sends an effort wide of target
20	Poor play by Liam Cooper as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
20	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
20	A shot by Raphinha is blocked.
20	Karl Darlow saved a certain goal there! Raphinha found himself in a great scoring position but Karl Darlow denied him with a great save
20	Great skill from Raphinha as he dribbles past his opponents
20	Patrick Bamford from Leeds heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
20	Mateusz Klich from Leeds successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
20	Poor play by Sean Longstaff as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
19	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
19	Matt Ritchie clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
19	Kalvin Phillips puts in a cross...
18	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
18	Mateusz Klich shoots from outside the box, but Karl Darlow has it under control
17	Miguel Almiron from Newcastle United is ruled offside.
17	Raphinha from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Joelinton
16	Leeds is in control of the ball.
15	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 23%, Leeds: 77%.
15	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
14	A contender for goal of the season!
13	Patrick Bamford provided the assist for the goal.
13	GOOOOOAAL! - Raphinha from Leeds beats the keeper from outside the box with the left foot!
13	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
12	Good effort by Raphinha as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
12	Rodrigo from Leeds successfully directs a ball squarely in the box and finds a team mate.
12	Rodrigo from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
12	Leeds is in control of the ball.
11	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Junior Firpo puts in a cross...
10	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 28%, Leeds: 72%.
10	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
9	Raphinha comes back onto the field.
9	It doesn't look good here as Raphinha is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
9	Raphinha is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
8	Yellow card for Matt Ritchie.
8	Matt Ritchie from Newcastle United commits a foul by elbowing Raphinha
8	Leeds is in control of the ball.
7	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
6	Matt Ritchie puts in a cross...
6	Joelinton from Newcastle United tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
6	Matt Ritchie swings in a cross from the free kick.
6	The referee signals a free kick as Mateusz Klich from Leeds trips Miguel Almiron
5	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Ball possession: Newcastle United: 50%, Leeds: 50%.
5	The referee signals a free kick as Daniel James from Leeds trips Javier Manquillo
4	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
4	Newcastle United plays a short goal kick.
3	Patrick Bamford from Leeds sends an effort wide of target
3	Mateusz Klich from Leeds find his team mate with a neat back heel pass.
3	Raphinha puts in a cross...
2	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	Newcastle United take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Leeds kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to St James' Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Everton with a deserved victory after a fine display
95	Today's attendance is 30000.
95	Ball possession: Everton: 52%, Burnley: 48%.
94	Everton is in control of the ball.
93	Everton is in control of the ball.
92	Alex Iwobi from Everton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
92	Andros Townsend from Everton directs a ball squarely in the box.
92	Abdoulaye Doucoure of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
91	Everton is in control of the ball.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Jordan Pickford relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
90	Andros Townsend from Everton is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
90	Ball possession: Everton: 49%, Burnley: 51%.
90	Goal kick for Everton.
89	A chance presents itself to Jay Rodriguez from Burnley but his header goes wide
89	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
89	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Demarai Gray is leaving the field to be replaced by Alex Iwobi in a tactical substitution.
87	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Chris Wood is leaving the field to be replaced by Jay Rodriguez in a tactical substitution.
86	Everton is in control of the ball.
85	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
85	Ball possession: Everton: 51%, Burnley: 49%.
85	Burnley is in control of the ball.
84	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
83	Dwight McNeil shoots from outside the box, but Jordan Pickford has it under control
83	Allan relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
82	Burnley is in control of the ball.
81	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
81	Richarlison is leaving the field to be replaced by Jose Salomon Rondon in a tactical substitution.
80	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Ball possession: Everton: 52%, Burnley: 48%.
80	A shot by Demarai Gray is blocked.
80	Michael Keane relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Dwight McNeil puts in a cross...
79	Goal kick for Burnley.
79	Andre Gomes goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
78	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
78	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	The game is restarted.
76	Ashley Barnes is leaving the field to be replaced by Matej Vydra in a tactical substitution.
76	Johann Berg Gudmundsson is leaving the field to be replaced by Aaron Lennon in a tactical substitution.
76	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
75	Ball possession: Everton: 51%, Burnley: 49%.
75	Chris Wood from Burnley is ruled offside.
75	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
75	Seamus Coleman relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the right.
74	Dwight McNeil from Burnley directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
74	Burnley plays a short goal kick.
73	How did he miss that? Andre Gomes has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
73	Could be a good chance here as Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
73	Demarai Gray of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
73	Seamus Coleman from Everton makes an aerial pass in the box, but its intercepted by an opponent player.
73	Abdoulaye Doucoure of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
73	Andros Townsend tests Nick Pope with a long range shot, which is parried back into play!
72	Everton is in control of the ball.
72	Everton is in control of the ball.
71	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Ball possession: Everton: 50%, Burnley: 50%.
69	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
69	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton is ruled offside.
68	Seamus Coleman from Everton directs a ball squarely in the box.
68	Andre Gomes of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
68	Everton is trying to create something here.
66	Abdoulaye Doucoure provided the assist for the goal.
66	GOOOOOAAL! - Demarai Gray scores with the right foot!
66	CHANCE! Demarai Gray finds himself in a 1 on 1 situation with the keeper...
66	Demarai Gray from Everton takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
66	Abdoulaye Doucoure carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
66	A contender for goal of the season!
65	Abdoulaye Doucoure provided the assist for the goal.
65	GOOOOOAAL! - Andros Townsend from Everton beats the keeper from outside the box with the left foot!
64	Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
64	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
63	Goal kick for Everton.
61	Everton with an attacking substitution here.
61	Ben Godfrey is leaving the field to be replaced by Andre Gomes in a tactical substitution.
61	Burnley is in control of the ball.
60	Andros Townsend provided the assist for the goal.
60	GOOOOOAAL! - Michael Keane from Everton heads the ball home!
60	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
60	Ball possession: Everton: 50%, Burnley: 50%.
60	A shot by Demarai Gray is blocked.
60	Lucas Digne from Everton takes a short corner kick from the left.
59	Lucas Digne from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
59	Everton is in control of the ball.
58	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
58	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
56	Ben Godfrey from Everton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
56	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
55	Demarai Gray from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
55	Lucas Digne from Everton takes a short corner kick from the right.
55	Ball possession: Everton: 48%, Burnley: 52%.
55	Everton is in control of the ball.
53	Johann Berg Gudmundsson provided the assist for the goal.
53	GOOOOOAAL! - Ben Mee from Burnley heads the ball home!
53	Johann Berg Gudmundsson puts in a cross...
53	Ben Godfrey relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Dwight McNeil swings in a cross from the free kick.
53	Yellow card for Andros Townsend.
53	Andros Townsend is penalised for pushing Charlie Taylor.
52	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	The ref blows his whistle. Charlie Taylor charged Andros Townsend from behind and it's a free-kick
51	Josh Brownhill relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Lucas Digne swings in a cross from the free kick.
51	Ball possession: Everton: 48%, Burnley: 52%.
50	Ashley Barnes is penalised for pushing Demarai Gray.
50	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
49	Lucas Digne takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
47	Josh Brownhill pulls a player from the opposite team by the shirt and is booked.
47	Josh Brownhill from Burnley goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Andros Townsend
47	Everton is in control of the ball.
46	Everton is in control of the ball.
46	The second half is underway.
47	The two sides have been very evenly matched in the 1st half
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Everton: 47%, Burnley: 53%.
47	Goal kick for Everton.
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	The referee signals a free kick as Demarai Gray from Everton trips Matthew Lowton
45	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Ball possession: Everton: 47%, Burnley: 53%.
45	Lucas Digne from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
45	Ben Godfrey relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
45	Yerry Mina relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Josh Brownhill puts in a cross...
44	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
44	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
44	Goal kick for Everton.
43	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
43	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
42	Everton is trying to create something here.
41	Matthew Lowton from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
41	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Ball possession: Everton: 47%, Burnley: 53%.
41	Goal kick for Burnley.
40	Ben Godfrey from Everton heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
40	Lucas Digne from Everton swings in the corner from the right.
39	Richarlison from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
39	Seamus Coleman from Everton is ruled offside.
39	Richarlison from Everton makes a great pass and space opens up...
39	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Ashley Barnes from Burnley is ruled offside.
38	It's raining, making conditions difficult for the players.
38	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Burnley is trying to create something here.
37	Burnley is having a good opportunity to score.
37	Chris Wood puts in a cross...
36	Matthew Lowton relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Seamus Coleman puts in a cross...
36	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
36	Andros Townsend puts in a cross...
36	Ben Mee from Burnley looks to have committed a foul on Richarlison but the referee is not having it and waves play on!
36	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	Ball possession: Everton: 46%, Burnley: 54%.
35	Ben Mee comes back onto the field.
35	The match resumes with a drop ball.
35	It doesn't look good here as Ben Mee is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
33	Ben Mee is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
33	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
33	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
33	Yerry Mina from Everton tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
33	Michael Keane from Everton chips the ball into the penalty box.
33	Ben Godfrey from Everton heads the ball to a team mate.
32	Allan puts in a cross...
32	Lucas Digne from Everton takes a short corner kick from the left.
32	Lucas Digne from Everton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
31	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	The referee signals a free kick as Chris Wood from Burnley trips Allan
30	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
30	Ball possession: Everton: 45%, Burnley: 55%.
30	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
29	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
28	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Abdoulaye Doucoure releases a shot, it's parried by Nick Pope but he can't hold onto it...
28	Andros Townsend of Everton passes the ball to a team mate.
27	Good effort by Josh Brownhill as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
27	Ashley Barnes of Burnley passes the ball to a team mate.
27	Chris Wood from Burnley directs a ball squarely in the box.
27	Ashley Westwood puts in a cross...
26	A shot from Dwight McNeil takes a deflection but the keeper is there to cover it
26	Safe hands from Nick Pope as he comes out and claims the ball
26	Allan from Everton chips the ball into the penalty box.
26	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
25	Ball possession: Everton: 42%, Burnley: 58%.
25	Dangerous challenge by James Tarkowski from Burnley. Yerry Mina on the receiving end of that.
25	Ashley Westwood swings in a cross from the free kick.
24	Dangerous challenge by Abdoulaye Doucoure from Everton. Ashley Westwood on the receiving end of that.
23	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Burnley is in control of the ball.
21	The match resumes with a drop ball.
21	The play is stopped for a brief moment, as the ball was touched by the referee.
20	Everton plays a short goal kick.
20	A chance presents itself to Ben Mee from Burnley but his header goes wide
20	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
20	Ball possession: Everton: 48%, Burnley: 52%.
19	Chris Wood sees his shot deflected off target
19	Matthew Lowton puts in a cross...
19	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	Safe hands from Jordan Pickford as he comes out and claims the ball
18	Chris Wood from Burnley heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
18	Charlie Taylor puts in a cross...
18	Burnley is in control of the ball.
17	Chris Wood is penalised for pushing Michael Keane.
16	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Goal kick for Everton.
15	Ben Godfrey relieves the pressure with a clearance
15	Johann Berg Gudmundsson puts in a cross...
15	Ball possession: Everton: 53%, Burnley: 47%.
14	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Ben Godfrey relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
13	Andros Townsend clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
12	Ashley Westwood from Burnley swings in the corner from the left.
12	Charlie Taylor from Burnley tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
11	Demarai Gray from Everton directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
11	Burnley take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
10	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
10	Ball possession: Everton: 50%, Burnley: 50%.
10	Goal kick for Burnley.
9	Demarai Gray fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
9	Everton is in control of the ball.
8	Burnley is in control of the ball.
8	Everton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
7	Everton plays a short goal kick.
7	Dwight McNeil from Burnley crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
6	Everton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Burnley take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ball possession: Everton: 48%, Burnley: 52%.
5	Burnley plays a short goal kick.
4	James Tarkowski relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Demarai Gray puts in a cross...
4	Ashley Westwood from Burnley directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
3	Richarlison comes back onto the field.
3	The game is restarted.
3	It doesn't look good here as Richarlison is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
2	Richarlison is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
2	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
2	The ref blows his whistle. Josh Brownhill charged Richarlison from behind and it's a free-kick
1	Ben Godfrey relieves the pressure with a clearance
1	Johann Berg Gudmundsson puts in a cross...
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Welcome to tonights game where the floodlight surrounds the pitch.
1	Everton kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Goodison Park, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
99	Fabinho from Liverpool is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
99	Liverpool with a deserved victory after a fine display
99	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
99	Ball possession: Leeds: 44%, Liverpool: 56%.
98	Today's attendance is 36507.
98	Raphinha from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Fabinho
98	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
98	Trent Alexander-Arnold fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
97	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool makes an aerial pass in the box, but its blocked by an opponent player.
97	Naby Keita of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
97	Liverpool start a counter attack.
97	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
97	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain from Liverpool sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
97	Great skill from Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain as he dribbles past his opponents
97	Raphinha relieves the pressure with a clearance
96	Naby Keita from Liverpool chips the ball into the penalty box.
96	Fabinho from Liverpool heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
96	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
96	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
95	Ball possession: Leeds: 43%, Liverpool: 57%.
95	Leeds is in control of the ball.
94	Leeds is in control of the ball.
93	Thiago Alcantara is leaving the field to be replaced by Naby Keita in a tactical substitution.
92	Thiago Alcantara provided the assist for the goal.
92	GOOOOOAAL! - Sadio Mane scores with the right foot!
92	Thiago Alcantara of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
92	Jordan Henderson puts in a cross...
91	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
91	The fourth official shows there are 8 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Great vision by Fabinho from Liverpool as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
90	Raphinha puts in a cross...
90	Patrick Bamford relieves the pressure with a clearance
90	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
90	Ball possession: Leeds: 44%, Liverpool: 56%.
89	Daniel James relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Joel Matip from Liverpool heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
89	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
88	A shot by Sadio Mane is blocked.
88	Jordan Henderson sends a long ball upfield.
88	Sadio Mane from Liverpool is ruled offside.
88	Could be a good chance here as Jordan Henderson from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
87	Leeds is in control of the ball.
87	Jordan Henderson hand-balls.
86	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
86	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
86	Liverpool start a counter attack.
85	Ball possession: Leeds: 44%, Liverpool: 56%.
85	Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain from Liverpool is ruled offside.
85	Danger averted there as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds clears the danger with a good tackle
85	Great skill from Sadio Mane as he dribbles past his opponents
84	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
83	Raphinha from Leeds is ruled offside.
83	Andrew Robertson relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Raphinha from Leeds swings in the corner from the right.
83	Patrick Bamford from Leeds tries to lob Alisson Becker but the keeper palms it behind for a corner.
82	Fabinho fouls Stuart Dallas.
82	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
82	Diogo Jota is leaving the field to be replaced by Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain in a tactical substitution.
81	Should have been a goal! Sadio Mane gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Illan Meslier!
81	Diogo Jota from Liverpool makes a great pass and space opens up...
81	Liverpool start a counter attack.
81	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
81	Raphinha puts in a cross...
81	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Stuart Dallas from Leeds swings in the corner from the left.
80	Daniel James from Leeds sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
80	Leeds start a counter attack.
80	Ball possession: Leeds: 44%, Liverpool: 56%.
80	A shot by Diogo Jota is blocked.
80	A shot by Sadio Mane is blocked.
80	Andrew Robertson of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
79	Jordan Henderson from Liverpool chips the ball into the penalty box.
79	Good effort by Jordan Henderson as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
79	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
78	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
77	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
77	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
77	Fabinho puts in a cross...
77	Tyler Roberts relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
76	A shot by Mohamed Salah is blocked.
76	Diogo Jota of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
76	Patrick Bamford has a great chance to score, but Alisson Becker comes out strongly to save!
76	Raphinha from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box.
75	Raphinha from Leeds takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
75	Leeds start a counter attack.
75	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
75	Sadio Mane has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
75	Could be a good chance here as Mohamed Salah from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
75	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
75	Ball possession: Leeds: 44%, Liverpool: 56%.
75	Jordan Henderson is penalised for pushing Kalvin Phillips.
74	Liverpool start a counter attack.
74	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
73	Good effort by Trent Alexander-Arnold as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
73	Could be a good chance here as Joel Matip from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
73	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
72	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
72	Raphinha swings in a cross from the free kick.
72	The referee signals a free kick as Fabinho from Liverpool trips Daniel James
72	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
71	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
70	Ball possession: Leeds: 46%, Liverpool: 54%.
70	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
70	Daniel James from Leeds tries to play a 1-2 with Patrick Bamford, but the ball is intercepted.
70	Fabinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
70	Kalvin Phillips puts in a cross...
69	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
69	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
68	Jack Harrison is leaving the field to be replaced by Daniel James in a tactical substitution.
68	Dangerous challenge by Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool. Illan Meslier on the receiving end of that.
68	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool swings in the corner from the left.
67	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
67	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
66	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
66	Patrick Bamford from Leeds heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
66	Raphinha swings in a cross from the free kick.
65	The ref blows his whistle. Jordan Henderson charged Junior Firpo from behind and it's a free-kick
65	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
65	Virgil van Dijk relieves the pressure with a clearance
65	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
65	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
65	Andrew Robertson puts in a cross...
65	Ball possession: Leeds: 48%, Liverpool: 52%.
64	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
64	The game is restarted.
63	Harvey Elliott is injured and is replaced by Jordan Henderson.
60	SENT OFF! - After a serious foul Pascal Struijk is dismissed!
60	Ball possession: Leeds: 48%, Liverpool: 52%.
59	VAR - CARD ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential card situation.
58	Harvey Elliott is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
58	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
58	Reckless challenge there. Pascal Struijk commits a rough foul on Harvey Elliott
57	Leeds is in control of the ball.
57	Liverpool plays a short goal kick.
56	Tyler Roberts from Leeds sends an effort wide of target
56	Jack Harrison from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box.
56	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Tyler Roberts sends a header towards goal, but Alisson Becker is there to comfortably save it
55	Poor play by Virgil van Dijk as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
55	Stuart Dallas from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
55	Great skill from Stuart Dallas as he dribbles past his opponents
55	Ball possession: Leeds: 45%, Liverpool: 55%.
54	Leeds is in control of the ball.
54	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	Patrick Bamford from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Virgil van Dijk
53	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
52	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Liverpool stands.
51	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
50	GOOOOOAAL! - Fabinho reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the right!
50	Fabinho has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
50	Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool heads towards goal but sees his effort blocked.
50	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
50	Ball possession: Leeds: 43%, Liverpool: 57%.
50	After VAR check, the referee decided to stay with the initial call - not to award a penalty for Liverpool!
50	VAR - PENALTY ! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, a potential penalty situation.
49	Mohamed Salah has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
49	Sadio Mane goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
49	Sadio Mane from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
49	Liverpool start a counter attack.
49	Tyler Roberts from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
49	Patrick Bamford from Leeds heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
49	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
48	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
47	Junior Firpo from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Mohamed Salah
46	Safe hands from Alisson Becker as he comes out and claims the ball
46	Luke Ayling puts in a cross...
46	Rodrigo is leaving the field to be replaced by Tyler Roberts in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
48	Liverpool has been the better team in this half
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Leeds: 46%, Liverpool: 54%.
47	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
47	Great defending by Liam Cooper from Leeds to prevent his team conceding a goal.
47	Sadio Mane from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
46	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
45	Patrick Bamford relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Poor play by Pascal Struijk as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
45	Andrew Robertson swings in a cross from the free kick.
45	Ball possession: Leeds: 46%, Liverpool: 54%.
44	Pascal Struijk from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Sadio Mane
44	Goal kick for Liverpool.
44	What a game. It's an intense and good playing game from both sides.
44	CHANCE! Luke Ayling has a great chance to score but his volleyed effort fails to hit the target!
44	Rodrigo puts in a cross...
44	Andrew Robertson relieves the pressure with a clearance
43	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
43	Rodrigo from Leeds tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
43	Harvey Elliott from Liverpool passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
43	Luke Ayling could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
43	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Leeds take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
42	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
42	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
41	Trent Alexander-Arnold takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
40	Ball possession: Leeds: 44%, Liverpool: 56%.
40	The referee signals a free kick as Liam Cooper from Leeds trips Diogo Jota
39	Liverpool start a counter attack.
39	Fabinho relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Raphinha puts in a cross...
39	Leeds start a counter attack.
39	A shot by Diogo Jota is blocked.
39	Goal kick for Leeds.
38	Harvey Elliott from Liverpool tries to score from outside the penalty box. Unfortunately the effort is just outside the frame. Close!
38	The match is very one-sided right now. Liverpool are clearly dominating possession
38	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
37	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
36	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
36	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool is ruled offside.
35	Liverpool is in control of the ball.
35	Ball possession: Leeds: 46%, Liverpool: 54%.
34	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
34	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
33	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
33	Goal kick for Leeds.
33	The game is restarted.
33	Diego Llorente is injured and is replaced by Pascal Struijk.
32	Diego Llorente is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
32	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
31	Sadio Mane sends a shot inches wide. Close!
31	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
31	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
30	After a tactical foul, Diego Llorente sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
30	Diego Llorente from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Diogo Jota
30	Goal kick for Liverpool.
30	Ball possession: Leeds: 44%, Liverpool: 56%.
30	Patrick Bamford from Leeds had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
30	Could be a good chance here as Rodrigo from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
30	Leeds is in control of the ball.
29	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Alisson Becker from Liverpool fails to clear the ball properly and gives away a throw-in to the opponent team.
29	Stuart Dallas from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
29	Leeds is trying to create something here.
28	Raphinha relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
28	Patrick Bamford clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
28	A chance presents itself to Virgil van Dijk from Liverpool but his header goes wide
27	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
27	Liverpool are piling the pressure on and look like scoring anytime
27	Harvey Elliott forces a good save from Illan Meslier who turns the ball behind for a corner!
27	A shot by Harvey Elliott is blocked.
27	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box.
27	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
27	A shot by Thiago Alcantara is blocked.
27	Diogo Jota of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
26	Sadio Mane of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
26	Liverpool start a counter attack.
26	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
26	How did he miss that? Sadio Mane has a wonderful chance to score but somehow manages to miss the target!
26	Diogo Jota from Liverpool makes a great pass and space opens up...
26	Diogo Jota from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
25	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Ball possession: Leeds: 45%, Liverpool: 55%.
25	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool is ruled offside.
25	Could be a good chance here as Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
24	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
24	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
23	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
22	Sadio Mane from Liverpool crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
22	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
22	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
21	Leeds is in control of the ball.
21	A wonderful team goal!
20	Trent Alexander-Arnold provided the assist for the goal.
20	GOOOOOAAL! - Mohamed Salah scores with the left foot!
20	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool directs a ball squarely in the box.
20	Joel Matip of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
20	Ball possession: Leeds: 31%, Liverpool: 69%.
20	Patrick Bamford relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
19	A shot by Sadio Mane is blocked.
19	Mohamed Salah of Liverpool passes the ball to a team mate.
19	Liverpool start a counter attack.
18	A shot by Junior Firpo is blocked.
18	Jack Harrison of Leeds passes the ball to a team mate.
18	Great skill from Jack Harrison as he dribbles past his opponents
17	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
17	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Diogo Jota relieves the pressure with a clearance
17	Junior Firpo puts in a cross...
17	Patrick Bamford from Leeds makes an aerial pass in the box, but his team mate fails to benefit from it.
16	Sadio Mane from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
16	Yellow card for Fabinho.
15	Reckless challenge there. Fabinho commits a rough foul on Rodrigo
15	Good effort by Diogo Jota as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
15	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool chips the ball into the penalty box.
15	Ball possession: Leeds: 30%, Liverpool: 70%.
14	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
14	Kalvin Phillips from Leeds directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Leeds plays a short goal kick.
13	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
12	After a tactical foul, Liam Cooper sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
12	Liam Cooper from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Sadio Mane
12	Raphinha relieves the pressure with a clearance
12	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool swings in the corner from the right.
11	A shot by Sadio Mane is blocked.
11	Leeds is in control of the ball.
10	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
10	Ball possession: Leeds: 45%, Liverpool: 55%.
9	Junior Firpo from Leeds goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Mohamed Salah
9	Liverpool take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
8	Safe hands from Illan Meslier as he comes out and claims the ball
8	Sadio Mane puts in a cross...
8	Liverpool is trying to create something here.
8	Goal kick for Leeds.
7	Trent Alexander-Arnold from Liverpool crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
7	Liam Cooper relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	A chance opens up as Diogo Jota from Liverpool successfully finds a team mate in the area...
6	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Sadio Mane from Liverpool directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
5	Rodrigo has a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind for a corner kick by the keeper!
5	Raphinha from Leeds directs a ball squarely in the box.
5	Leeds start a counter attack.
5	Danger averted there as Kalvin Phillips from Leeds clears the danger with a good tackle
5	Mohamed Salah from Liverpool takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
5	Ball possession: Leeds: 50%, Liverpool: 50%.
4	Joel Matip relieves the pressure with a clearance
4	Jack Harrison puts in a cross...
4	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Patrick Bamford from Leeds is ruled offside.
3	Could be a good chance here as Luke Ayling from Leeds cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
3	Leeds take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Leeds is in control of the ball.
2	Andrew Robertson from Liverpool goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Raphinha
2	Liverpool take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	Leeds kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Elland Road, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	Chelsea with a deserved victory after a fine display
96	Today's attendance is 39969.
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
96	Ball possession: Chelsea: 56%, Aston Villa: 44%.
96	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
95	Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea is a contender for Man of the Match after a great performance today
95	Ball possession: Chelsea: 56%, Aston Villa: 44%.
95	Goal kick for Chelsea.
95	Bertrand Traore from Aston Villa had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
95	John McGinn of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
95	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
93	Cesar Azpilicueta provided the assist for the goal.
93	GOOOOOAAL! - Romelu Lukaku scores with the left foot!
93	Cesar Azpilicueta of Chelsea passes the ball to a team mate.
93	Chelsea start a counter attack.
93	Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa looks to have committed a foul on Mateo Kovacic but the referee is not having it and waves play on!
93	Jorginho comes back onto the field.
92	The game is restarted.
92	It doesn't look good here as Jorginho is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Jorginho is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
91	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
90	John McGinn commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
90	The referee is not having the complaints from Matt Targett who is given a yellow card for dissent
90	Dangerous challenge by John McGinn from Aston Villa. Jorginho on the receiving end of that.
90	Ball possession: Chelsea: 57%, Aston Villa: 43%.
89	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
88	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
88	Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
88	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
88	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
87	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
87	Marcos Alonso comes back onto the field.
87	Timo Werner from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ezri Konsa
87	The game is restarted.
86	It doesn't look good here as Marcos Alonso is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
86	Marcos Alonso is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
85	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
85	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
85	Ball possession: Chelsea: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
85	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
84	John McGinn goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
84	Marcos Alonso relieves the pressure with a clearance
84	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
84	John McGinn from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
84	John McGinn from Aston Villa sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
84	Poor play by Edouard Mendy as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
84	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
84	Tyrone Mings sees his shot deflected off target
83	Marcos Alonso relieves the pressure with a clearance
83	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
83	Trevoh Chalobah from Chelsea looks to have committed a foul on John McGinn but the referee is not having it and waves play on!
83	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
82	Callum Hudson-Odoi is leaving the field to be replaced by Timo Werner in a tactical substitution.
82	Hakim Ziyech fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
82	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
81	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
81	Good effort by Ollie Watkins as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
81	Poor play by Cesar Azpilicueta as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
80	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
80	Ball possession: Chelsea: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
80	Douglas Luiz is leaving the field to be replaced by Marvelous Nakamba in a tactical substitution.
79	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea is ruled offside.
79	Could be a good chance here as Trevoh Chalobah from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
79	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
78	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
78	Matty Cash from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
78	Bertrand Traore of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
78	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
77	Trevoh Chalobah from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
77	Trevoh Chalobah from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
77	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
76	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
76	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea sends an effort wide of target
76	A shot by Callum Hudson-Odoi is blocked.
75	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
75	Ball possession: Chelsea: 58%, Aston Villa: 42%.
74	Leon Bailey from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Marcos Alonso
74	The referee signals a free kick as Cesar Azpilicueta from Chelsea trips John McGinn
74	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
74	So close! Ezri Konsa has a great chance to score, but his header is saved well by Edouard Mendy!
74	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
73	Bertrand Traore sees his shot deflected off target
73	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
73	The match is very one-sided right now. Chelsea are clearly dominating possession
72	Chelsea is having a good opportunity to score.
72	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
71	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
70	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
70	Ball possession: Chelsea: 57%, Aston Villa: 43%.
70	The match resumes with a drop ball.
70	The game is stopped.
69	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Danny Ings is leaving the field to be replaced by Bertrand Traore in a tactical substitution.
68	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
68	Outstanding game by Mateo Kovacic today! The coach and the fans must be delighted with his performance!
68	Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
68	Ezri Konsa could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
68	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
67	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
66	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
66	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
66	Mateo Kovacic fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
66	Douglas Luiz could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
66	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
65	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
65	The game is restarted.
65	Ball possession: Chelsea: 57%, Aston Villa: 43%.
64	Kai Havertz is leaving the field to be replaced by Cesar Azpilicueta in a tactical substitution.
64	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
64	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea is ruled offside.
64	Hakim Ziyech carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
63	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
63	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
63	That's a great ball by Trevoh Chalobah from Chelsea. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
62	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
62	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
61	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea is booked after several commited fouls.
61	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Leon Bailey
61	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
61	Chelsea start a counter attack.
61	Kai Havertz relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
60	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Leon Bailey puts in a cross...
60	John McGinn from Aston Villa takes a short corner kick from the left.
60	Ball possession: Chelsea: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
59	Ollie Watkins sees his shot deflected off target
59	Leon Bailey of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
59	Aston Villa start a counter attack.
59	Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
59	Chelsea start a counter attack.
58	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	Chelsea start a counter attack.
58	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
58	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
57	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
57	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Jorginho relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
56	Jacob Ramsey is leaving the field to be replaced by Leon Bailey in a tactical substitution.
56	Matty Cash from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
55	Safe hands from Jed Steer as he comes out and claims the ball
55	Hakim Ziyech swings in a cross from the free kick.
55	Ball possession: Chelsea: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
55	The referee signals a free kick as Matt Targett from Aston Villa trips Hakim Ziyech
54	Ezri Konsa relieves the pressure with a clearance
54	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
54	Tyrone Mings clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
54	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
54	Could be a good chance here as Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
53	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
53	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa tries to play a 1-2 with Danny Ings, but the ball is intercepted.
53	Great skill from Ollie Watkins as he dribbles past his opponents
52	The referee signals a free kick as Marcos Alonso from Chelsea trips Ezri Konsa
52	Douglas Luiz relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
52	The referee signals a free kick as Jorginho from Chelsea trips John McGinn
51	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
51	Kai Havertz goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
51	Could be a good chance here as Thiago Silva from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
50	Ball possession: Chelsea: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
50	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
50	Aston Villa is having a good opportunity to score.
49	GOOOOOAAL! - Mateo Kovacic finds the net with the right foot!
49	Tyrone Mings could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
49	Great vision by Axel Tuanzebe from Aston Villa as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
49	Chelsea is having a good opportunity to score.
48	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Jorginho from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Axel Tuanzebe from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
48	Matty Cash from Aston Villa heads the ball to a team mate.
47	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
47	The game is restarted.
47	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
46	Romelu Lukaku clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
46	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
46	Matty Cash from Aston Villa tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
46	Saul Niguez is leaving the field to be replaced by Jorginho in a tactical substitution.
46	The second half is underway.
48	The only goal scored by Chelsea gives them the slight advantage as we are heading into halftime.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Chelsea: 60%, Aston Villa: 40%.
48	Danny Ings from Aston Villa had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
48	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
48	A shot by Ollie Watkins is blocked.
48	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
47	Goal kick for Aston Villa.
47	Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea tries to score from outside the penalty box, but the shot is nowhere near the target.
46	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea makes an aerial pass in the box, but its intercepted by an opponent player.
46	Marcos Alonso from Chelsea crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
46	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	A shot by Jacob Ramsey is blocked.
45	Saul Niguez relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	John McGinn swings in a cross from the free kick.
45	Ball possession: Chelsea: 61%, Aston Villa: 39%.
45	The referee signals a free kick as Saul Niguez from Chelsea trips Ollie Watkins
44	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
44	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
44	Kai Havertz relieves the pressure with a clearance
44	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
43	Douglas Luiz from Aston Villa looks to have committed a foul on Kai Havertz but the referee is not having it and waves play on!
43	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Jacob Ramsey
42	The match is very one-sided right now. Aston Villa are clearly dominating possession
42	Good effort by Jacob Ramsey as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
42	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
41	Mateo Kovacic could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
41	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
41	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
41	Could be a good chance here as John McGinn from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
40	Hakim Ziyech shoots from outside the box, but Jed Steer has it under control
40	Tyrone Mings relieves the pressure with a clearance
40	Callum Hudson-Odoi puts in a cross...
40	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Mateo Kovacic
40	Ball possession: Chelsea: 59%, Aston Villa: 41%.
39	Goal kick for Chelsea.
39	That's a great ball by John McGinn from Aston Villa. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
39	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
38	John McGinn from Aston Villa takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
38	The game is restarted.
37	Play has been stopped while the referee talks to the players.
37	Thiago Silva from Chelsea goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Danny Ings
37	Saul Niguez could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
36	Chelsea is trying to create something here.
36	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
35	The referee signals a free kick as Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa trips Hakim Ziyech
35	Ball possession: Chelsea: 60%, Aston Villa: 40%.
34	Edouard Mendy relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
34	A shot from Ezri Konsa goes to a corner kick after a save by the keeper.
34	Tyrone Mings has a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind for a corner kick by the keeper!
33	Ezri Konsa of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
33	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa heads the ball to a team mate.
33	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
33	A shot by Danny Ings is blocked.
33	Poor play by Trevoh Chalobah as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
33	John McGinn from Aston Villa directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
32	Safe hands from Jed Steer as he comes out and claims the ball
32	Hakim Ziyech puts in a cross...
31	Obstruction as Ezri Konsa cuts off the run of Kai Havertz. A free-kick is awarded.
30	Trevoh Chalobah relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Matt Targett from Aston Villa sends a deflected cross into the box.
30	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
30	John McGinn puts in a cross...
30	Callum Hudson-Odoi relieves the pressure with a clearance
30	Matty Cash puts in a cross...
30	Ball possession: Chelsea: 60%, Aston Villa: 40%.
29	The referee signals a free kick as Saul Niguez from Chelsea trips Douglas Luiz
29	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
28	Tyrone Mings commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
28	Reckless challenge there. Tyrone Mings commits a rough foul on Callum Hudson-Odoi
27	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
27	Douglas Luiz fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
27	Ollie Watkins of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
27	Danny Ings of Aston Villa passes the ball to a team mate.
27	Jacob Ramsey puts in a cross...
26	Danny Ings from Aston Villa is ruled offside.
26	Could be a good chance here as Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
25	Safe hands from Jed Steer as he comes out and claims the ball
25	Hakim Ziyech puts in a cross...
25	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
25	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
25	Ball possession: Chelsea: 62%, Aston Villa: 38%.
24	Chelsea is in control of the ball.
24	Great defending by Thiago Silva from Chelsea to prevent his team conceding a goal.
24	Ollie Watkins has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
23	Great skill from Ollie Watkins as he dribbles past his opponents
23	Could be a good chance here as John McGinn from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
23	Saul Niguez could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
23	Safe hands from Edouard Mendy as he comes out and claims the ball
23	Jacob Ramsey puts in a cross...
23	Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
23	John McGinn swings in a cross from the free kick.
22	Dangerous challenge by Kai Havertz from Chelsea. Jacob Ramsey on the receiving end of that.
22	Trevoh Chalobah relieves the pressure with a clearance
22	Danny Ings puts in a cross...
22	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
21	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
21	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
21	Ollie Watkins from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
21	Thiago Silva from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
20	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Chelsea: 63%, Aston Villa: 37%.
20	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
19	Jacob Ramsey hand-balls.
19	Poor play by Mateo Kovacic as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
19	Edouard Mendy relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
19	Matty Cash from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
19	Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa heads the ball to a team mate.
19	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
19	Hakim Ziyech relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the left.
18	Ollie Watkins forces a good save from Edouard Mendy who turns the ball behind for a corner!
18	Could be a good chance here as Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
18	Aston Villa start a counter attack.
17	Aston Villa plays a short goal kick.
17	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea makes a good pass into the box, but his team mates fail to take advantage of the space
17	Could be a good chance here as Trevoh Chalobah from Chelsea cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
16	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
16	Chelsea start a counter attack.
16	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
15	Ball possession: Chelsea: 67%, Aston Villa: 33%.
15	Chelsea managed to score the important first goal. Will they build on that?
15	Mateo Kovacic provided the assist for the goal.
15	GOOOOOAAL! - Romelu Lukaku scores with the right foot!
15	Great skill from Romelu Lukaku as he dribbles past his opponents
15	Mateo Kovacic carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
15	Mateo Kovacic from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
14	Great vision by Thiago Silva from Chelsea as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
14	Aston Villa start a counter attack.
14	Hakim Ziyech from Chelsea directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	Thiago Silva from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
14	The ref blows his whistle. Matt Targett charged Callum Hudson-Odoi from behind and it's a free-kick
13	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Marcos Alonso comes back onto the field.
12	Tyrone Mings from Aston Villa tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
12	A player from Aston Villa takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
12	The game is restarted.
12	It doesn't look good here as Marcos Alonso is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
11	Marcos Alonso is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
10	Ball possession: Chelsea: 65%, Aston Villa: 35%.
10	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
10	John McGinn from Aston Villa passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
10	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
9	That's a great ball by Danny Ings from Aston Villa. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
9	Trevoh Chalobah could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
9	Jacob Ramsey relieves the pressure with a clearance
9	Hakim Ziyech puts in a cross...
9	Great defending by Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa to prevent his team conceding a goal.
9	CROSSBAR! A header from Antonio Ruediger hits the crossbar!
9	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
8	Matty Cash clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
8	Saul Niguez puts in a cross...
8	After a tactical foul, Jacob Ramsey sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
8	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Hakim Ziyech
8	Trevoh Chalobah relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	John McGinn puts in a cross...
8	Antonio Ruediger relieves the pressure with a clearance
8	Danny Ings heads the ball back across goal...
8	Thiago Silva relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	Matt Targett puts in a cross...
7	Kai Havertz relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	John McGinn from Aston Villa swings in the corner from the right.
7	Douglas Luiz sees his shot deflected off target
7	Great vision by Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
7	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
7	Jacob Ramsey from Aston Villa takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
6	Aston Villa is in control of the ball.
6	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Ball possession: Chelsea: 80%, Aston Villa: 20%.
5	The referee signals a free kick as John McGinn from Aston Villa trips Kai Havertz
5	Thiago Silva from Chelsea directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
5	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
4	A chance presents itself to Ezri Konsa from Aston Villa but his header goes wide
4	John McGinn swings in a cross from the free kick.
4	The ref blows his whistle. Saul Niguez charged Jacob Ramsey from behind and it's a free-kick
4	Aston Villa take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Chelsea take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Axel Tuanzebe relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Marcos Alonso puts in a cross...
2	Chelsea take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
2	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea takes a short corner kick from the left.
2	Marcos Alonso sees his shot deflected off target
2	Axel Tuanzebe relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Callum Hudson-Odoi from Chelsea swings in the corner from the left.
2	A shot by Antonio Ruediger is blocked.
1	Some neat football here as Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea plays a 1-2 with Kai Havertz.
1	Antonio Ruediger from Chelsea takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
1	Chelsea plays a short goal kick.
1	Aston Villa is trying to create something here.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	Aston Villa kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Stamford Bridge, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
95	Arsenal with a deserved victory after a fine display
95	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Today's attendance is 60000.
95	Ball possession: Arsenal: 52%, Norwich: 48%.
95	A shot by Bukayo Saka is blocked.
94	The referee signals a free kick as Brandon Williams from Norwich trips Bukayo Saka
94	The referee signals a free kick as Brandon Williams from Norwich trips Emile Smith-Rowe
93	Max Aarons from Norwich directs a ball squarely in the box, but Aaron Ramsdale runs out to collect the ball
93	Could be a good chance here as Todd Cantwell from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
93	A shot by Teemu Pukki is blocked.
93	Kenny McLean of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
92	Ben White from Arsenal goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Teemu Pukki
92	A shot by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is blocked.
92	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
91	Nicolas Pepe sends a shot inches wide. Close!
91	Could be a good chance here as Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
91	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
91	Arsenal start a counter attack.
91	Cedric Soares relieves the pressure with a clearance
91	Milot Rashica from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
91	Teemu Pukki has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
91	Adam Idah puts in a cross...
91	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
91	Bukayo Saka has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
90	Cedric Soares puts in a cross...
90	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Ball possession: Arsenal: 52%, Norwich: 48%.
89	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
89	Andrew Omobamidele is penalised for pushing Kieran Tierney.
88	Todd Cantwell from Norwich crosses a free kick, but his teammate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
88	After a tactical foul, Ben White sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
88	The referee signals a free kick as Thomas from Arsenal trips Kenny McLean
88	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
88	Bukayo Saka sends a shot inches wide. Close!
87	Tim Krul saved a certain goal there! Emile Smith-Rowe found himself in a great scoring position but Tim Krul denied him with a great save
87	Great skill from Emile Smith-Rowe as he dribbles past his opponents
87	Could be a good chance here as Bukayo Saka from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
87	Adam Idah from Norwich tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
87	Grant Hanley from Norwich heads the ball to a team mate.
87	Pierre Lees-Melou swings in a cross from the free kick.
86	The referee signals a free kick as Thomas from Arsenal trips Milot Rashica
86	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
85	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
85	Cedric Soares goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
85	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
85	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
85	Ball possession: Arsenal: 51%, Norwich: 49%.
85	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
84	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal makes an aerial pass in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
84	Tim Krul saved a certain goal there! Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang found himself in a great scoring position but Tim Krul denied him with a great save
83	Could be a good chance here as Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
83	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal is ruled offside.
82	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
82	Ainsley Maitland-Niles is leaving the field to be replaced by Cedric Soares in a tactical substitution.
82	Nicolas Pepe fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
82	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
81	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
81	Ainsley Maitland-Niles relieves the pressure with a clearance
81	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
81	Emile Smith-Rowe relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Milot Rashica from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
80	Ball possession: Arsenal: 52%, Norwich: 48%.
80	Norwich with an attacking substitution here.
80	Lukas Rupp is leaving the field to be replaced by Adam Idah in a tactical substitution.
79	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
79	Milot Rashica from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
79	Milot Rashica from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
79	Norwich start a counter attack.
79	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
79	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
78	A chance opens up as Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal successfully finds a team mate in the area...
78	Could be a good chance here as Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
78	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
78	Teemu Pukki comes back onto the field.
77	The game is restarted.
77	Teemu Pukki is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
77	Teemu Pukki is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
76	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
76	Gabriel from Arsenal goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Teemu Pukki
76	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
76	Emile Smith-Rowe of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
76	Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
75	Ball possession: Arsenal: 52%, Norwich: 48%.
75	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
75	Norwich is in control of the ball.
74	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
74	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
74	Goal kick for Arsenal.
74	Great vision by Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
74	Brandon Williams from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
73	Norwich is trying to create something here.
72	Great vision by Thomas from Arsenal as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
72	Milot Rashica puts in a cross...
72	Milot Rashica from Norwich takes a short corner kick from the right.
72	Milot Rashica from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
72	Milot Rashica from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
72	Good effort by Nicolas Pepe as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
72	Emile Smith-Rowe puts in a cross...
72	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the left.
71	Bukayo Saka has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
71	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
71	Goal kick for Arsenal.
71	Max Aarons goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
70	Kenny McLean puts in a cross...
70	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
70	Ball possession: Arsenal: 53%, Norwich: 47%.
70	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
69	Norwich is in control of the ball.
69	Christos Tzolis is leaving the field to be replaced by Milot Rashica in a tactical substitution.
68	GOAL STANDS! - After reviewing the situation, the referee decides that the goal for Arsenal stands.
67	VAR - GOAL! - The referee has stopped the play. VAR check in progress, pending goal situation.
66	Nicolas Pepe provided the assist for the goal.
66	GOOOOOAAL! - Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal taps the ball in with the right! An easy finish for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
66	Nicolas Pepe of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
66	Nicolas Pepe sees a huge opportunity go begging as his shot hits the post!
66	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal sees his effort hit the post after the keeper parries the ball.
66	Could be a good chance here as Bukayo Saka from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
65	Ball possession: Arsenal: 53%, Norwich: 47%.
65	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
65	Thomas from Arsenal heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
65	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
65	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
65	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal takes a short corner kick from the right.
65	Danger averted there as Brandon Williams from Norwich clears the danger with a good tackle
65	Could be a good chance here as Emile Smith-Rowe from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
64	Todd Cantwell from Norwich makes an aerial pass in the box, but the keeper comes out and claims it.
64	Could be a good chance here as Brandon Williams from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
64	The referee signals a free kick as Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal trips Kenny McLean
63	Ainsley Maitland-Niles relieves the pressure with a clearance
63	A player from Norwich takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
63	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
63	Arsenal with an attacking substitution here.
62	Takehiro Tomiyasu is leaving the field to be replaced by Emile Smith-Rowe in a tactical substitution.
62	Albert Sambi Lokonga is leaving the field to be replaced by Thomas in a tactical substitution.
62	Kieran Dowell is leaving the field to be replaced by Todd Cantwell in a tactical substitution.
61	Lukas Rupp from Norwich tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it eventually comes to nothing.
61	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
61	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
60	Ball possession: Arsenal: 54%, Norwich: 46%.
60	Arsenal with a potentially dangerous attack.
59	A shot by Kenny McLean is blocked.
59	Goal kick for Norwich.
58	Albert Sambi Lokonga fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
58	A chance opens up as Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal successfully finds a team mate in the area...
58	Kieran Tierney of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
58	Great defending by Brandon Williams from Norwich to prevent his team conceding a goal.
58	Nicolas Pepe has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
58	A shot by Bukayo Saka is blocked.
57	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang of Arsenal passes the ball to a team mate.
57	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
57	Norwich is trying to create something here.
56	A shot by Bukayo Saka is blocked.
56	Could be a good chance here as Ainsley Maitland-Niles from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
56	Max Aarons relieves the pressure with a clearance
56	Nicolas Pepe puts in a cross...
55	Ball possession: Arsenal: 53%, Norwich: 47%.
55	Goal kick for Norwich.
55	What a game! We are witnessing intense and high quality play from both sides.
55	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
54	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
54	Arsenal start a counter attack.
54	Brandon Williams from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
54	A chance opens up as Kenny McLean from Norwich successfully finds a team mate in the area...
54	Brandon Williams from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
53	Takehiro Tomiyasu relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Andrew Omobamidele puts in a cross...
53	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
53	Great vision by Gabriel from Arsenal as he stops a promising attack with an interception.
53	Teemu Pukki from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
53	Norwich start a counter attack.
53	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
53	Andrew Omobamidele relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
52	Bukayo Saka puts in a cross...
52	Arsenal is in control of the ball.
51	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
51	Andrew Omobamidele relieves the pressure with a clearance
51	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
50	A shot by Ainsley Maitland-Niles is blocked.
50	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal successfuly makes an aerial pass to a team mate.
50	Could be a good chance here as Kieran Tierney from Arsenal cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
50	Ball possession: Arsenal: 52%, Norwich: 48%.
50	Goal kick for Norwich.
49	A chance presents itself to Gabriel from Arsenal but his header goes wide
49	Nicolas Pepe swings in a cross from the free kick.
48	After a tactical foul, Grant Hanley sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
48	Grant Hanley from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
48	Lukas Rupp relieves the pressure with a clearance
48	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
48	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
47	Ainsley Maitland-Niles from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
46	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
46	Lukas Rupp fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
46	A shot by Kenny McLean is blocked.
46	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
46	Christos Tzolis puts in a cross...
46	The second half is underway.
47	Arsenal had many possibilities to score, but didnt capitalize on them. They didnt manage to score the decisive goal.
47	It's over! The referee blows for half time
47	Ball possession: Arsenal: 52%, Norwich: 48%.
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	A shot by Teemu Pukki is blocked.
46	Christos Tzolis of Norwich passes the ball to a team mate.
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The fourth official shows there are 1 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Goal kick for Norwich.
45	CHANCE! Takehiro Tomiyasu has a great chance to score but his volleyed effort fails to hit the target!
45	Brandon Williams relieves the pressure with a clearance
45	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
45	Ball possession: Arsenal: 54%, Norwich: 46%.
44	Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Bukayo Saka
44	Goal kick for Norwich.
43	Nicolas Pepe goes for goal on the direct free kick, but the shot sails wide
42	After a tactical foul, Max Aarons sees no other way than stopping the counter and receives a yellow card.
42	Max Aarons from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang
42	Ainsley Maitland-Niles sends a long ball upfield.
42	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
41	Max Aarons from Norwich directs the ball behind the defence, but the keeper reads the play well and comes to claim it
40	Norwich is trying to create something here.
40	Ball possession: Arsenal: 57%, Norwich: 43%.
39	Gabriel relieves the pressure with a clearance
39	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
38	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
38	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
38	Christos Tzolis puts in a cross...
38	Albert Sambi Lokonga relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Christos Tzolis from Norwich swings in the corner from the left.
37	Kieran Dowell takes the free-kick but it is blocked by the wall
36	The referee signals a free kick as Ben White from Arsenal trips Teemu Pukki
36	Norwich is trying to create something here.
35	Ball possession: Arsenal: 59%, Norwich: 41%.
35	Safe hands from Aaron Ramsdale as he comes out and claims the ball
35	Kieran Dowell from Norwich tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
34	Norwich start a counter attack.
34	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
34	Ben White relieves the pressure with a clearance
34	Could be a good chance here as Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
33	Norwich is in control of the ball.
32	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
32	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
32	Albert Sambi Lokonga sends a long ball upfield.
31	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
31	The referee signals a free kick as Christos Tzolis from Norwich trips Takehiro Tomiyasu
30	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
30	Ball possession: Arsenal: 61%, Norwich: 39%.
30	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Norwich is in control of the ball.
28	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
27	Goal kick for Norwich.
27	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
27	Teemu Pukki from Norwich goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ainsley Maitland-Niles
26	Max Aarons shoots from outside the box, but Aaron Ramsdale has it under control
25	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is penalised for pushing Andrew Omobamidele.
25	Ball possession: Arsenal: 64%, Norwich: 36%.
25	Goal kick for Arsenal.
24	The referee signals a free kick as Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal trips Christos Tzolis
24	Ainsley Maitland-Niles puts in a cross...
24	Bukayo Saka from Arsenal tries to play a 1-2 with Martin Oedegaard, but the ball is intercepted.
23	Safe hands from Tim Krul as he comes out and claims the ball
23	Ainsley Maitland-Niles puts in a cross...
23	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Grant Hanley relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
22	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
21	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
20	Ball possession: Arsenal: 62%, Norwich: 38%.
20	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal is ruled offside.
20	Martin Oedegaard sends a long ball upfield.
19	The referee signals a free kick as Lukas Rupp from Norwich trips Bukayo Saka
19	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
19	A shot by Kieran Tierney is blocked.
18	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
18	Kenny McLean relieves the pressure with a clearance
18	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
18	The match is very one-sided right now. Arsenal are clearly dominating possession
18	Andrew Omobamidele clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
18	Nicolas Pepe puts in a cross...
17	Danger! Martin Oedegaard from Arsenal successfully directs the ball behind the defence and finds a team mate...
17	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
16	The referee signals a free kick as Ainsley Maitland-Niles from Arsenal trips Max Aarons
16	Norwich take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Arsenal plays a short goal kick.
16	A chance presents itself to Kenny McLean from Norwich but his header goes wide
15	Max Aarons puts in a cross...
15	Ball possession: Arsenal: 68%, Norwich: 32%.
15	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
15	Albert Sambi Lokonga shoots from outside the box, but Tim Krul has it under control
15	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang from Arsenal heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
14	Ainsley Maitland-Niles puts in a cross...
13	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
13	Tim Krul relieves the pressure with a clearance
13	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
13	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
13	Great skill from Nicolas Pepe as he dribbles past his opponents
12	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Norwich take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
11	Goal kick for Norwich.
11	Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
11	Arsenal start a counter attack.
11	That looked a fine chance. Christos Tzolis from Norwich directs a ball squarely in the box, but it comes to nothing in the end
11	Some neat football here as Christos Tzolis from Norwich plays a 1-2 with Kieran Dowell.
10	Christos Tzolis from Norwich takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
10	Ball possession: Arsenal: 87%, Norwich: 13%.
10	Norwich is in control of the ball.
9	Norwich is trying to create something here.
9	Goal kick for Norwich.
8	A shot by Kieran Tierney is blocked.
8	The referee signals a free kick as Lukas Rupp from Norwich trips Bukayo Saka
8	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal had a bad first touch and fails to take advantage of the situation.
7	Takehiro Tomiyasu puts in a cross...
7	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
6	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
6	Andrew Omobamidele relieves the pressure with a clearance
6	Kieran Tierney carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
6	Arsenal is trying to create something here.
5	Arsenal take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Ball possession: Arsenal: 88%, Norwich: 12%.
5	A shot by Takehiro Tomiyasu is blocked.
4	Norwich plays a short goal kick.
4	Gabriel from Arsenal heads the ball, but it's a terrible effort nowhere near the goal.
4	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
3	Brandon Williams clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
3	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal takes the ball forward trying to make something happen...
3	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Christos Tzolis relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Albert Sambi Lokonga heads the ball back across goal...
3	Andrew Omobamidele relieves the pressure with a clearance
3	Ainsley Maitland-Niles puts in a cross...
2	Takehiro Tomiyasu from Arsenal heads the ball to a team mate.
2	Nicolas Pepe from Arsenal swings in the corner from the right.
2	Danger averted there as Brandon Williams from Norwich clears the danger with a good tackle
2	Great skill from Nicolas Pepe as he dribbles past his opponents
2	A shot by Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang is blocked.
1	Kieran Tierney puts in a cross...
1	The referee signals a free kick as Pierre Lees-Melou from Norwich trips Albert Sambi Lokonga
1	Arsenal take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	A perfect day for football with glorious sunshine.
1	Arsenal kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Emirates Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
96	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
95	Neal Maupay from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
95	Leandro Trossard from Brighton takes a short corner kick from the right.
95	Leandro Trossard from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
95	Leandro Trossard from Brighton takes a short corner kick from the right.
95	Leandro Trossard from Brighton sees his square pass blocked by an opponent player.
94	Ball possession: Brentford: 40%, Brighton: 60%.
94	Mathias Jensen from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
93	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
93	Brentford is in control of the ball.
92	Brentford is in control of the ball.
91	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Alexis Mac Allister provided the assist for the goal.
90	GOOOOOAAL! - Leandro Trossard scores with the right foot!
90	Alexis Mac Allister of Brighton passes the ball to a team mate.
90	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
90	Solly March from Brighton directs a ball squarely in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
90	Ball possession: Brentford: 40%, Brighton: 60%.
89	Frank Onyeka from Brentford tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
88	Joel Veltman relieves the pressure with a clearance
88	Pontus Jansson puts in a cross...
88	Mathias Jensen from Brentford takes a short corner kick from the left.
88	Rico Henry from Brentford sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
87	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
87	Today's attendance is 16518.
86	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
86	Jakub Moder relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Mathias Jensen puts in a cross...
86	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
86	Mads Roerslev puts in a cross...
85	Goal kick for Brentford.
85	Adam Lallana from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
85	Ball possession: Brentford: 42%, Brighton: 58%.
84	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
84	Brighton is in control of the ball.
83	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
83	The referee signals a free kick as Ivan Toney from Brentford trips Jakub Moder
83	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
82	Marc Cucurella is leaving the field to be replaced by Solly March in a tactical substitution.
81	Leandro Trossard from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
81	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
80	Jakub Moder puts in a cross...
80	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
80	Ball possession: Brentford: 43%, Brighton: 57%.
79	Dangerous challenge by Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford. Joel Veltman on the receiving end of that.
79	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
79	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
79	Joel Veltman from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
79	Marc Cucurella from Brighton takes a short corner kick from the right.
78	Alexis Mac Allister from Brighton has a shot from outside the box blocked.
78	Frank Onyeka is penalised for pushing Adam Lallana.
77	A player from Brighton takes a long throw from right side of the pitch into the opponent's box
77	Joel Veltman from Brighton tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
77	Alexis Mac Allister from Brighton directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
75	Shandon Baptiste is leaving the field to be replaced by Frank Onyeka in a tactical substitution.
75	Leandro Trossard from Brighton is ruled offside.
75	Ball possession: Brentford: 45%, Brighton: 55%.
74	The referee runs back to show Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer from Brentford a yellow card for the previous foul.
74	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
73	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
73	Yves Bissouma puts in a cross...
72	Brighton is in control of the ball.
72	That's a great ball by Ivan Toney from Brentford. He directs the ball behind the defence, but the chance eventually goes begging
71	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
70	Shandon Baptiste from Brentford sends an effort wide of target
70	Ball possession: Brentford: 48%, Brighton: 52%.
69	Brighton is in control of the ball.
68	Vitaly Janelt is leaving the field to be replaced by Mathias Jensen in a tactical substitution.
68	Vitaly Janelt is penalised for pushing Adam Lallana.
67	Brighton is trying to create something here.
67	Pontus Jansson relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Yves Bissouma puts in a cross...
66	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
65	Goal kick for Brentford.
65	Neal Maupay from Brighton sends an effort wide of target
65	Ball possession: Brentford: 48%, Brighton: 52%.
65	Good effort by Rico Henry as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
64	Danny Welbeck is leaving the field to be replaced by Alexis Mac Allister in a tactical substitution.
63	The referee signals a free kick as Danny Welbeck from Brighton trips Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer
62	Brighton is in control of the ball.
62	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
61	Sergi Canos is leaving the field to be replaced by Mads Roerslev in a tactical substitution.
61	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
61	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
60	Ivan Toney from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
60	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
60	Ball possession: Brentford: 46%, Brighton: 54%.
60	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
59	Vitaly Janelt from Brentford commits a foul by elbowing Marc Cucurella
59	Bryan Mbeumo swings in a cross from the free kick.
57	Yellow card for Shane Duffy.
57	The referee signals a free kick as Shane Duffy from Brighton trips Bryan Mbeumo
57	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
57	Shandon Baptiste relieves the pressure with a clearance
57	Marc Cucurella puts in a cross...
57	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer from Brentford tries to head the ball to a team mate, but the keeper is first to it.
56	Christian Noergaard puts in a cross...
55	Yellow card for Joel Veltman.
55	Joel Veltman from Brighton goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Ivan Toney
55	Ball possession: Brentford: 46%, Brighton: 54%.
54	Joel Veltman from Brighton crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
54	Shane Duffy is penalised for pushing Rico Henry.
53	Christian Noergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Joel Veltman puts in a cross...
53	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
52	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer relieves the pressure with a clearance
52	The referee signals a free kick as Rico Henry from Brentford trips Yves Bissouma
51	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
50	Leandro Trossard is penalised for pushing Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer.
50	Ball possession: Brentford: 48%, Brighton: 52%.
49	Safe hands from David Raya as he comes out and claims the ball
49	Jakub Moder puts in a cross...
49	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
48	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
48	Rico Henry puts in a cross...
47	A player from Brentford takes a long throw from left side of the pitch into the opponent's box
47	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
47	Ivan Toney puts in a cross...
46	Brentford is in control of the ball.
46	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
51	It's over! The referee blows for half time
51	Ivan Toney releases a shot, it's parried by Robert Sanchez but he can't hold onto it...
51	Could be a good chance here as Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
49	Leandro Trossard from Brighton commits a foul by elbowing Sergi Canos
49	Ball possession: Brentford: 46%, Brighton: 54%.
49	Adam Lallana comes back onto the field.
49	Goal kick for Brighton.
48	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford sends an effort wide of target
48	Could be a good chance here as Ivan Toney from Brentford cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
48	Safe hands from Robert Sanchez as he comes out and claims the ball
48	Kristoffer Vassbakk Ajer puts in a cross...
47	Brentford is in control of the ball.
47	The game is restarted.
47	It doesn't look good here as Adam Lallana is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
46	The fourth official shows there are 4 minute(s) of time to be added.
46	Adam Lallana is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
45	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
45	Ball possession: Brentford: 45%, Brighton: 55%.
44	The referee signals a free kick as Marc Cucurella from Brighton trips Bryan Mbeumo
44	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
43	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
42	Brentford plays a short goal kick.
42	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
41	Adam Lallana from Brighton swings in the corner from the left.
41	Sergi Canos clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
41	Yves Bissouma puts in a cross...
40	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
40	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
40	Ball possession: Brentford: 45%, Brighton: 55%.
39	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
39	The game is restarted.
37	Adam Webster is injured and is replaced by Jakub Moder.
37	Adam Webster is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
36	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
35	Ball possession: Brentford: 44%, Brighton: 56%.
35	Neal Maupay from Brighton is ruled offside.
35	Pontus Jansson comes back onto the field.
35	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
33	Goal kick for Brighton.
33	The game is restarted.
32	It doesn't look good here as Pontus Jansson is injured and is taken off the field to receive medical treatment.
32	Pontus Jansson is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
32	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
31	Brentford is in control of the ball.
30	Ball possession: Brentford: 48%, Brighton: 52%.
30	Brighton is in control of the ball.
29	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
29	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
28	Goal kick for Brentford.
28	Marc Cucurella from Brighton takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
28	The referee signals a free kick as Rico Henry from Brentford trips Joel Veltman
27	Brighton take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
27	Goal kick for Brighton.
27	Bryan Mbeumo fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
26	Brighton plays a short goal kick.
26	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford sends an effort wide of target
26	Ivan Toney puts in a cross...
25	Joel Veltman is penalised for pushing Rico Henry.
25	Ball possession: Brentford: 47%, Brighton: 53%.
24	Yves Bissouma is penalised for pushing Ethan Pinnock.
22	Goal kick for Brighton.
22	A chance presents itself to Ivan Toney from Brentford but his header goes wide
22	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
20	Ball possession: Brentford: 48%, Brighton: 52%.
20	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Webster from Brighton trips Ivan Toney
20	Adam Lallana relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Bryan Mbeumo puts in a cross...
19	Lewis Dunk relieves the pressure with a clearance
19	Bryan Mbeumo swings in a cross from the free kick.
18	The referee signals a free kick as Adam Webster from Brighton trips Bryan Mbeumo
17	Yellow card for Bryan Mbeumo.
17	Bryan Mbeumo from Brentford commits a foul by elbowing Neal Maupay
17	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
17	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
16	Good effort by Danny Welbeck as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
16	Could be a good chance here as Leandro Trossard from Brighton cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
16	Brighton is in control of the ball.
15	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Ball possession: Brentford: 43%, Brighton: 57%.
15	Brentford take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
15	Shane Duffy relieves the pressure with a clearance
14	Sergi Canos puts in a cross...
14	Brentford is in control of the ball.
13	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Goal kick for Brighton.
12	Bryan Mbeumo fails to find the target with a shot from outside the box
12	The referee signals a free kick as Joel Veltman from Brighton trips Rico Henry
10	Ball possession: Brentford: 48%, Brighton: 52%.
8	Brentford is in control of the ball.
7	Ethan Pinnock relieves the pressure with a clearance
7	Adam Lallana from Brighton swings in the corner from the right.
6	Yellow card for Sergi Canos.
6	Sergi Canos from Brentford commits a foul by elbowing Marc Cucurella
6	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
6	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
5	Ball possession: Brentford: 50%, Brighton: 50%.
5	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Brentford take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
3	Brighton take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
2	Due to technical problems, we are unable to deliver game updates at the moment.
1	The pitch is in good condition today allowing for more technical play
1	It's a nice warm day for playing football.
1	Brentford kick-off, and the game is underway.The referee starts the match.Welcome to Brentford Community Stadium, the match will start in about 5 minutes.Less commentary
94	That's it! The referee blows the final whistle
94	Ball possession: Leicester: 39%, Manchester City: 61%.
94	Today's attendance is 32087.
94	Jamie Vardy from Leicester had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
94	Youri Tielemans puts in a cross...
94	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
94	Raheem Sterling relieves the pressure with a clearance
93	Kasper Schmeichel swings in a cross from the free kick.
93	The referee signals a free kick as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City trips Caglar Soyuncu
93	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
92	Kasper Schmeichel saved a certain goal there! Jack Grealish found himself in a great scoring position but Kasper Schmeichel denied him with a great save
92	Could be a good chance here as Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
92	Manchester City start a counter attack.
92	Leicester is in control of the ball.
91	Goal kick for Leicester.
91	Fernandinho from Manchester City sends a shot inches wide of the post. Close!
91	Could be a good chance here as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
91	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
91	The fourth official shows there are 3 minute(s) of time to be added.
90	Goal kick for Leicester.
90	Manchester City start a counter attack.
90	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
90	Ball possession: Leicester: 39%, Manchester City: 61%.
89	Danger averted there as Jack Grealish from Manchester City clears the danger with a good tackle
89	Leicester start a counter attack.
89	Timothy Castagne relieves the pressure with a clearance
89	Ilkay Gundogan swings in a cross from the free kick.
88	Youri Tielemans from Leicester goes a bit too far there as the pulls down Raheem Sterling
87	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
87	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
86	Safe hands from Ederson Moraes as he comes out and claims the ball
86	Marc Albrighton from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
85	Ademola Lookman sees his shot deflected off target
85	Ruben Dias could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
85	Leicester start a counter attack.
85	Ball possession: Leicester: 37%, Manchester City: 63%.
84	Manchester City with a clear defensive substitution as Gabriel Jesus comes off for the more defensively minded Fernandinho
84	Gabriel Jesus is leaving the field to be replaced by Fernandinho in a tactical substitution.
83	A chance presents itself to Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester but his header goes wide
83	Marc Albrighton puts in a cross...
82	Leicester is in control of the ball.
81	Jamie Vardy from Leicester is ruled offside.
81	The referee signals a free kick as Joao Cancelo from Manchester City trips Ademola Lookman
80	Ball possession: Leicester: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
80	The referee signals a free kick as Raheem Sterling from Manchester City trips Jonny Evans
79	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
79	A lob by Raheem Sterling from Manchester City goes wide.
78	Jack Grealish puts in a cross...
78	Joao Cancelo hand-balls.
77	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
77	Ruben Dias relieves the pressure with a clearance
77	Marc Albrighton from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
76	Ederson Moraes from Manchester City makes a great save.
76	Should have been a goal! Ademola Lookman gets a great chance to score, but his effort is turned behind by Ederson Moraes!
76	Could be a good chance here as Kelechi Iheanacho from Leicester cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
76	Leicester start a counter attack.
75	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
75	Ilkay Gundogan swings in a cross from the free kick.
75	Ball possession: Leicester: 35%, Manchester City: 65%.
75	Caglar Soyuncu commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
74	The referee signals a free kick as Caglar Soyuncu from Leicester trips Jack Grealish
74	Goal kick for Leicester.
73	James Maddison is leaving the field to be replaced by Kelechi Iheanacho in a tactical substitution.
73	Harvey Barnes is leaving the field to be replaced by Ademola Lookman in a tactical substitution.
73	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
73	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
72	It's a good hit from long range by Kyle Walker who forces a save from Kasper Schmeichel. Corner kick.
72	A shot by Ilkay Gundogan is blocked.
72	Manchester City is having a good opportunity to score.
71	Jonny Evans from Leicester is alert and heads the ball to his keeper.
71	Poor play by Caglar Soyuncu as his weak attempt to clear the ball puts his side under pressure
71	Raheem Sterling puts in a cross...
71	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City is ruled offside.
70	Ball possession: Leicester: 35%, Manchester City: 65%.
69	Raheem Sterling from Manchester City had a bad first touch and fails to benefit from his team mates cross.
69	Gabriel Jesus puts in a cross...
68	Leicester is in control of the ball.
67	The referee signals a free kick as Jack Grealish from Manchester City trips Youri Tielemans
67	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
66	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City is ruled offside.
66	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
66	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
65	Jack Grealish from Manchester City tries to play a 1-2 with Bernardo Silva, but the ball is intercepted.
65	Ball possession: Leicester: 33%, Manchester City: 67%.
64	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
64	Ferran Torres is leaving the field to be replaced by Raheem Sterling in a tactical substitution.
62	GOOOOOAAL! - Bernardo Silva reacts first on the loose ball and puts it away with the left!
62	A shot by Joao Cancelo is blocked.
62	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
62	A shot by Ferran Torres is blocked.
62	Kasper Schmeichel could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
61	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
61	Jannik Vestergaard is leaving the field to be replaced by Jonny Evans in a tactical substitution.
60	Aymeric Laporte relieves the pressure with a clearance
60	Harvey Barnes puts in a cross...
60	Leicester start a counter attack.
60	Ball possession: Leicester: 34%, Manchester City: 66%.
59	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
58	Jack Grealish goes for goal, but his effort was never close to hitting the target.
58	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
58	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
57	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
56	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
56	A chance presents itself to Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City but his header goes wide
56	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
55	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
55	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
55	Ferran Torres from Manchester City sends a shot inches wide of the post. Close!
55	Could be a good chance here as Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
55	Ball possession: Leicester: 34%, Manchester City: 66%.
54	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
54	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
54	Kyle Walker puts in a cross...
53	Youri Tielemans relieves the pressure with a clearance
53	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
52	Caglar Soyuncu clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
52	Could be a good chance here as Rodri from Manchester City cuts the opponents defense open with a through ball...
52	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
51	The referee signals a free kick as Ferran Torres from Manchester City trips Jannik Vestergaard
51	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
50	Ball possession: Leicester: 34%, Manchester City: 66%.
49	Jamie Vardy from Leicester is ruled offside.
49	Wilfred Ndidi carves the opponent's defense open with a killer through-ball
49	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
48	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
47	Golden opportunity! Harvey Barnes wastes a huge chance as he only manages to hit the crossbar with a header!
47	Jamie Vardy puts in a cross...
47	Leicester is trying to create something here.
46	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
46	The second half is underway.
48	Manchester City had the ball in their control, but couldnt go into the pause with the lead.
48	It's over! The referee blows for half time
48	Ball possession: Leicester: 32%, Manchester City: 68%.
47	Marc Albrighton swings in the ball from a corner on the left, but it is nowhere near a teammate and it goes out of the field.
47	Caglar Soyuncu from Leicester tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
47	Marc Albrighton from Leicester swings in the corner from the right.
46	Bernardo Silva clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
46	Marc Albrighton from Leicester tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
46	The fourth official shows there are 2 minute(s) of time to be added.
45	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City is ruled offside.
45	Ball possession: Leicester: 32%, Manchester City: 68%.
45	Gabriel Jesus releases a shot, it's parried by Kasper Schmeichel but he can't hold onto it...
45	Jack Grealish of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
45	Manchester City is having a good opportunity to score.
44	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
44	Leicester is in control of the ball.
43	Ilkay Gundogan shoots from outside the box, but Kasper Schmeichel has it under control
43	Jack Grealish of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
43	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
42	A shot by Ilkay Gundogan is blocked.
42	Ruben Dias from Manchester City tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
42	Aymeric Laporte puts in a cross...
42	A shot by Joao Cancelo is blocked.
42	Aymeric Laporte from Manchester City heads the ball to a team mate.
42	Ilkay Gundogan swings in a cross from the free kick.
41	The referee signals a free kick as Jannik Vestergaard from Leicester trips Ferran Torres
40	Ball possession: Leicester: 33%, Manchester City: 67%.
39	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City is ruled offside.
39	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
38	Aymeric Laporte commits a rough foul on an opponent and goes into the referee's book.
38	Dangerous challenge by Aymeric Laporte from Manchester City. Jamie Vardy on the receiving end of that.
38	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
37	Wilfred Ndidi relieves the pressure with a clearance
37	Bernardo Silva puts in a cross...
37	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
37	Gabriel Jesus from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
36	Wilfred Ndidi from Leicester directs the ball behind the defence, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
36	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
35	Ball possession: Leicester: 36%, Manchester City: 64%.
35	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
34	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
33	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
33	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City crosses the ball, but his team mate arrives a little late and can't benefit from it.
33	Leicester plays a short goal kick.
32	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
31	Jannik Vestergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
31	Gabriel Jesus puts in a cross...
31	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
30	Marc Albrighton from Leicester takes a free kick, but it ends up nowhere near the goalframe.
30	Ilkay Gundogan is penalised for pushing Youri Tielemans.
30	Ball possession: Leicester: 35%, Manchester City: 65%.
29	Marc Albrighton from Leicester tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
28	Good effort by Ferran Torres as he directs a shot on target, but the keeper saves it
28	Ferran Torres from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
28	Jack Grealish of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
28	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in their own half of the field
28	Jannik Vestergaard relieves the pressure with a clearance
28	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City passes the ball in the box, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
28	Manchester City start a counter attack.
27	The game is restarted.
27	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
26	Yellow card for Rodri.
26	Reckless challenge there. Rodri commits a rough foul on Youri Tielemans
26	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
25	Harvey Barnes from Leicester crosses the ball, but it goes out for a goal kick.
25	Ball possession: Leicester: 30%, Manchester City: 70%.
24	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
24	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
24	Manchester City start a counter attack.
24	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
23	Kyle Walker relieves the pressure with a clearance
23	Marc Albrighton puts in a cross...
23	Leicester is trying to create something here.
22	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
22	Goal kick for Leicester.
22	Jack Grealish from Manchester City sends an effort wide of target
22	Ilkay Gundogan swings in a cross from the free kick.
21	The referee signals a free kick as Youri Tielemans from Leicester trips Jack Grealish
20	Wilfred Ndidi relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
20	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
20	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the left.
20	Ball possession: Leicester: 26%, Manchester City: 74%.
19	Bernardo Silva forces a good save from Kasper Schmeichel who turns the ball behind for a corner!
19	Youri Tielemans could cost his team a goal after a defensive blunder.
19	Goal kick for Leicester.
19	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City crosses the ball but it is nowhere near the intended target.
18	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
18	Safe hands from Kasper Schmeichel as he comes out and claims the ball
18	Joao Cancelo puts in a cross...
17	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
16	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
16	Some neat football here as Harvey Barnes from Leicester plays a 1-2 with Ryan Bertrand.
15	The referee signals a free kick as Ruben Dias from Manchester City trips Jamie Vardy
15	The match is very one-sided right now. Manchester City are clearly dominating possession
15	Ball possession: Leicester: 19%, Manchester City: 81%.
14	A shot by Ilkay Gundogan is blocked.
14	Bernardo Silva puts in a cross...
14	Joao Cancelo from Manchester City tries to pick out a team-mate in the area but his cross is blocked by an opponent.
14	Manchester City take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
13	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
13	Leicester is in control of the ball.
12	Leicester take a throw-in at the left side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
11	Manchester City plays a short goal kick.
11	A chance presents itself to Jannik Vestergaard from Leicester but his header goes wide
11	Marc Albrighton from Leicester swings in the corner from the left.
11	The game is restarted.
4	rbitro comete decisin, expulsa futbolista, gol, injusto... Karma! Luego, marca guez oportunidad penalti.
5	Atento, baln centrado, defensa expulsa, falla gol. Huele injusticia! Juega, Koke lanza! Marca guez!
6	ngulo, baln, cae, derecha, entra, fantstico gol, hinchada jbilo, Koke levanta, marca guez.
7	Asistencia, baln, cuelga, derecha, espectador, ftbol gol. Hinchada, jbilo, Koke, lanza, marca, guez.
8	rbitro, baln, cede, da, entrega, falta gol. Hinchada, inquieta, juegan, Koke, lanza, marca, guez.
9	Acierta, baln, centro, da, espectacular, falta gol. Hinchada, increble! Juego, Koke, lanza, marca, guez.
10	Atencin, baln, centrado, direccin, esquina, falla gol. Hinchada, inquieta, juega, Koke, levanta, marca, guez.
11	Atento, baln, centro, defensa, extrao, ftbol gol. Hinchada, inquieta, juega, Koke, lanza, marca, guez.
12	Acierta, baln, controla, dispara, espectacular, falta gol. Hinchada, inquieta, juega, Koke, lanza, marca, guez.
13	Atencin, baln, centrado, direccin, esquina, falla gol. Hinchada, increble, juega, Koke, lanza, marca, guez.
10	Ball possession: Leicester: 12%, Manchester City: 88%.
9	Ederson Moraes is down injured and receives medical attention on the field.
9	Play has been stopped because there is a player lying on the pitch.
8	A shot by Wilfred Ndidi is blocked.
8	Ederson Moraes saved a certain goal there! Harvey Barnes found himself in a great scoring position but Ederson Moraes denied him with a great save
8	Jamie Vardy puts in a cross...
8	Leicester is having a good opportunity to score.
7	The referee signals a free kick as Bernardo Silva from Manchester City trips Caglar Soyuncu
7	A shot by Ilkay Gundogan is blocked.
7	Bernardo Silva has a great chance to score, but fails to score as his effort is blocked!
7	Ferran Torres from Manchester City directs a ball squarely in the box.
7	So nearly a goal there! Gabriel Jesus's header looked destined for the back of the net but Kasper Schmeichel saves it!
7	Bernardo Silva of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
7	Great skill from Bernardo Silva as he dribbles past his opponents
6	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
5	Caglar Soyuncu relieves the pressure with a clearance
5	Bernardo Silva from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
5	Ball possession: Leicester: 16%, Manchester City: 84%.
5	Jannik Vestergaard clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
5	Gabriel Jesus puts in a cross...
4	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
4	Leicester take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in their own half of the field
3	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City takes a short corner kick from the left.
3	Jack Grealish from Manchester City sees his pass blocked by an opponent.
3	Gabriel Jesus of Manchester City passes the ball to a team mate.
2	Aymeric Laporte from Manchester City tries to head the ball to a team mate, but it's intercepted by an opponent player.
2	Ilkay Gundogan from Manchester City swings in the corner from the right.
2	Wilfred Ndidi clears the danger but is forced to give away a corner...
2	Manchester City is trying to create something here.
2	Ryan Bertrand relieves the pressure with a clearance
2	Bernardo Silva puts in a cross...
1	Manchester City is in control of the ball.
1	Manchester City take a throw-in at the right side of the pitch in the opponent's half of the field
1	The pitch is in fantastic condition today and the players are enjoying the surface.
1	Cloudy conditions overhead at the moment. to a team mate.